https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/Arcade/1942 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/Arcade/Altered Beast NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/Arcade/Black Tiger NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/Arcade/Exed Exes NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/Arcade/Gaplus NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/Arcade/Ghosts 'N Goblins NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/Arcade/Golden Axe NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/Arcade/Mappy NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/Arcade/Ninja Gaiden NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/Arcade/RYGAR NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/Arcade/Shinobi NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/Arcade/Solomon's Key NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/Arcade/Sonson NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/Arcade/Space Harrier NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/Arcade/Starforce NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/Arcade/Super Hang-On NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/Arcade/Tecmo Bowl NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/Arcade/The Tower Of Druaga NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/Arcade/Wolf of the Battlefield - Commando NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/Arcade/Wonder Boy in Monster Land NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/Arcade/Zaxxon NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/WIIWARE/Arcade Essentials NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/WIIWARE/Arcade Sports NTSCU.zip
