https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/WIIWARE/Phoenix Wright - Ace Attorney %2B DLC NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/WIIWARE/Phoenix Wright Ace Attorney 2 - Justice For All NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/WIIWARE/Phoenix Wright Ace Attorney 3 - Trials %26 Tribulations NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/WIIWARE/Bomberman Blast NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/WIIWARE/Castlevania The Adventure ReBirth NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/WIIWARE/Contra ReBirth NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/WIIWARE/Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles - My Life as a Darklord %2B DLC NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/WIIWARE/Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles - My Life as a King %2B DLC NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/WIIWARE/Final Fantasy IV The After Years %2B DLC NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/WIIWARE/Frogger Hyper Arcade Edition NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/WIIWARE/Frogger Returns NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/WIIWARE/Gradius ReBirth NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/WIIWARE/Harvest Moon - My Little Shop %2B DLC NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/WIIWARE/Mega Man 9 %2B DLC NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/WIIWARE/Mega Man 10 %2B DLC NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/WIIWARE/Space Invaders Get Even %2B DLC NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/WIIWARE/Tales of Monkey Island Chapter 1 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/WIIWARE/Tales of Monkey Island Chapter 2 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/WIIWARE/Tales of Monkey Island Chapter 3 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/WIIWARE/Tales of Monkey Island Chapter 4 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/WIIWARE/Tales of Monkey Island Chapter 5 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/WIIWARE/Sonic the Hedgehog 4 - Episode 1 NTSCU.zip
