https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/Gameboy/Golden Sun REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/Gameboy/Mario %26 Luigi - Superstar Saga REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/Gameboy/Metroid II - Return of Samus REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/Gameboy/Pokemon Blue REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/Gameboy/Pokemon Red REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/Gameboy/Wario Land 3 REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/N64/Duke Nukem 64 REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/N64/Extreme G REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/N64/PilotWings 64 REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/N64/Quest 64 REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/N64/Rampage World Tour REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/N64/Superman 64 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/N64/Zelda 64 Master Quest NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Arkanoid REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Base Wars REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Batman REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Battletoads NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Bionic Commando REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Bubble Bath Babes NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Bugs Bunny's Crazy Castle REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Casino Kid 1 REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Casino Kid 2 REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Chip 'n Dale Rescue Rangers REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Code Name Viper REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Contra NES NTSC.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Contra REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Donkey Kong Original Edition REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Double Dragon 2 REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Double Dragon 3 REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Dr. Mario REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Dragon Warrior 1 REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Dragon Warrior 2 REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Dragon Warrior 3 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Dragon Warrior 4 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Duck Tales REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Fester's Quest REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Final Fantasy 2 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Final Fantasy 3 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Ghostbusters NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Golgo 13 REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Jackal REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Kung Fu REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Little Nemo in Dreamland REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Maniac Mansion REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Mega Man 5 REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Mega Man 6 REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Metal Gear 1 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Metal Gear 2 - Snake's Revenge REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Mike Tyson's Punchout NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Monopoly REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Othello REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/P.O.W. Prisoner of War REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Popeye REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Power Blade 1 REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Power Blade 2 REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Pro Wrestling NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/R.C. Pro-Am REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Road Runner REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Rush'n Attack REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Shadowgate REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Solar Jetman REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Spy vs Spy REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Strider REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Super Link Bros. REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Taboo - The Sixth Sense REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 2 The Arcade Game REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 3 The Manhatten Project REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Tetris NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Top Gun REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Track %26 Field NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/NES/Willow REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/Regionfree Wiiware/CastleVania ReBirth REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/Regionfree Wiiware/Doc Louis's Punch-Out!! REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/SNES/7th Saga REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/SNES/Batman Returns REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/SNES/Battletoads in Battlemaniacs REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/SNES/Breath of Fire NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/SNES/Castlevania Dracula X REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/SNES/ChronoTrigger REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/SNES/DKC Competition NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/SNES/DoReMi Fantasy Translated REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/SNES/E.V.O. Search for Eden REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/SNES/Final Fantasy 5 REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/SNES/Final Fantasy 6 REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/SNES/Frogger REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/SNES/Ghoul Patrol REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/SNES/Killer Instinct REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/SNES/Marvel - War of the Gems REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/SNES/Mega Man %26 Bass REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/SNES/Mega Man 7 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/SNES/Mega Man Soccer REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/SNES/Mega Man X REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/SNES/Mortal Kombat REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/SNES/NBA Jam Tournament Edition REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/SNES/Pilotwings REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/SNES/Prince of Persia REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/SNES/S.O.S. REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/SNES/Secret of Evermore REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/SNES/Shadowrun REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/SNES/Soul Blazer REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/SNES/Sunset Riders REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/SNES/Super Adventure Island REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/SNES/Super Mario AllStars %2B World REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/SNES/Super Smash T.V. REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/SNES/Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 4 - Turtles in Time NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/SNES/Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Tournament Fighter REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/SNES/The Lost Vikings 1 REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/SNES/The Lost Vikings 2 REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/SNES/U.N. Squadron REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/SNES/X-Men Mutant Apocalypse REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/SNES/Ys 3 Wanderers from Ys REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/SNES/Ys 4 REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/SNES/Zelda Parallel Worlds NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/Sega/Blaster Master 2 REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/Sega/Castlevania Bloodlines NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/Sega/Contra Hard Corps NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/Sega/Gaiares NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/Sega/Herzog Zwei NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/Sega/Mega Man - The Wily Wars REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/Sega/Michael Jackson's Moonwalker REGIONFREE.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/Sega/Mortal Kombat 2 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/Sega/Strider NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/Sega/Super Monaco GP NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/Sega/Target Earth NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/Sega/Vectorman 2 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/Injects/TurboGrafx 16/Castlevania Rondo of Blood REGIONFREE.zip
