https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/A Boy and His Blob NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Adventure Island NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Adventure of Lolo 1 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Adventure of Lolo 2 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Balloon Fight NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Baseball NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Bases Loaded NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Bio Miracle Bokutte Upa NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Blades of Steel NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Blaster Master NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Bubble Bobble NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/BurgerTime NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Castlevania 1 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Castlevania 2 - Simons Quest NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Castlevania 3 - Dracula's Curse NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/City Connection NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Clu Clu Land NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Crash 'N The Boys Street Challenge NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Dig Dug NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Donkey Kong 1 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Donkey Kong 3 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Donkey Kong Jr. Math NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Donkey Kong Jr. NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Double Dragon 1 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Double Dragon 2 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Double Dribble NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Elevator Action NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Excitebike NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Faxanadu NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Final Fantasy NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Galaga NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Ghosts 'N Goblins NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Gradius NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Ice Climber NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Ice Hockey NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Kid Icarus NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/King's Knight NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Kirby's Adventure NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Legend of Kage NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Legend of Zelda NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Life Force NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Lode Runner NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Lunar Pool NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Mach Rider NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Mario Bros. NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Mega Man 1 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Mega Man 2 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Mega Man 3 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Mega Man 4 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Mega Man 5 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Metroid NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Mighty Bomb Jack NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Milon's Secret Castle NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/NES Open Tour Golf NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/NES Play Action Football NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Ninja Gaiden 1 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Ninja Gaiden 2 - Dark Sword of Chaos NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Ninja Gaiden 3 - Ancient Ship of Doom NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Ninja JaJaMaru-Kun NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Operation Wolf NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Pac-Man NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Pinball NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Princess Tomato in the Salad Kingdom NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Punchout - Featuring Mr. Dream NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Renegade NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/River City Ransom NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/S.C.A.T. NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Shadow of the Ninja NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Skykid NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Soccer NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Solomon's Key NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Spelunker NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Star Soldier NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Star Tropics NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Super C NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Super Dodge Ball NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Super Mario Bros. - The Lost Levels NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Super Mario Bros. 1 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Super Mario Bros. 2 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Super Mario Bros. 3 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Tecmo Bowl NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Tennis NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Ufouria The Saga NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Urban Champion NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Volleyball NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Wario's Woods NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Wrecking Crew NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Xevious NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Yoshi's Cookie NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Yoshi NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Zanac NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Zelda 2 - The Adventure of Link NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/NES/Zodas Revenge Star Tropics 2 NTSCU.zip
