https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/ActRaiser NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Aero the Acrobat 1 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Aero the Acrobat 2 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Axelay NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Brawl Brothers NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Breath of Fire 2 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Chrono Trigger NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Contra 3 - The Alien Wars NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Cybernator NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Darius Twin NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/DoReMi Fantasy - Milon's DokiDoki Adventure NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Donkey Kong Country 1 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Donkey Kong Country 2 - Diddy's Kong Quest NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Donkey Kong Country 3 - Dixie Kong's Double Trouble! NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/F Zero NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Final Fantasy 2 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Final Fantasy 3 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Final Fantasy Mystic Quest NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Final Fight 1 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Final Fight 2 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Final Fight 3 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Genghis Khan 2 - Clan of the Gray Wolf NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Ghoul Patrol NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Gradius 3 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Harvest Moon NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Ignition Factor NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Indiana Jones Greatest Adventures NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Kirby's Avalanche NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Kirby's Dream Course NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Kirby's Dream Land 3 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Kirby Super Star NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Legend of Zelda - A Link to the Past NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Mega Man X2 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Mega Man X NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Metal Marines NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Natsume Championship Wrestling NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Nobunaga's Ambition NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Ogre Battle - The March of the Black Queen NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Pac-Attack NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/PilotWings NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Prince of Persia NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/R-Type 3 - Third Lightning NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Rival Turf! NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Romance Of Three Kingdoms 4 - Wall of Fire NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Secret of Mana NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/SimCity NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Space Invaders - The Original Game NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Street Fighter 2 Turbo NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Street Fighter 2 World Warrior NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Street Fighter Alpha 2 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Super Adventure Island 1 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Super Adventure Island 2 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Super Bonk NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Super Castlevania 4 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Super E.D.F. Earth Defense Force NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Super Ghouls 'N Ghosts NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Super Mario Kart NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Super Mario RPG - Legend of the Seven Stars NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Super Mario World NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Super Metroid NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Super Punch-Out!! NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Super R Type NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Super Star Wars 1 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Super Star Wars 2 - Empire Strikes Back NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Super Star Wars 3 - Return of Jedi NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Super Street Fighter 2 - The New Challengers NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Super Turrican 1 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Super Turrican 2 NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/The Combatribes NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/The Legend of the Mystical Ninja NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Uncharted Waters - New Horizons NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Vegas Stakes NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Wild Guns NTSCU.zip
https://archive.org/download/wii_complete_digital/WII.zip/WII/NTSCU/SNES/Zombies Ate My Neighbors NTSCU.zip
