https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/007 - Blood Stone (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/007 - Ein Quantum Trost (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/1 gegen 100 (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/100 Classic Games (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/100 Classic Games (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/1000 Cooking Recipes from Elle a Table (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/1001 Touch Games (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/101 Dino Pets (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/101 in 1 Explosive Megamix (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/101 in 1 Sports Megamix (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/11 Card Games (Europe) (En,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/18 Card Games (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/2 Games in 1 - Jewel Master - Cradle of Egypt + Mahjongg - Ancient Egypt (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/2 Games on 1 Card - Monster Trucks Mayhem & ATV - Thunder Ridge Riders (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/2 in 1 - Best of Bibi Blocksberg - Neustadt im Hex-Chaos + Das Gestohlene Hexbuch (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/2 in 1 - Best Of Bibi Und Tina - Die Grosse Schnitzeljagd + Das Grosse Unwetter (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/2 in 1 - Mahjong + Mahjong Around the World (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/2 in 1 - Music for Kids + Englisch Macht Spass - Eine Reise nach London! (Europe) (En,De) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/2 in 1 - My Little Baby + My Boyfriend (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/2 in 1 - My Pet Hotel + My Vet Practice - In the Country (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/2 in 1 - My Pet Hotel 2 + My Vet Practice - In the Country (Europe) (Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/2 in 1 - My Pet School + Best Friends - My Horse (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/2 in 1 - My Riding Stables + My Riding Stables - Life with Horses (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/2 in 1 - My Riding Stables + My Western Horse (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/2 in 1 - My Vet Practice + My Pet Hotel 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/200 Klassische Buecher (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/2006 FIFA World Cup - Germany 2006 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/3 Game Pack! - Cradle of Rome + Cradle of Athena + Cradle of Egypt (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/3 Game Pack! - Cradle of Rome + Cradle of Athena + Cradle of Egypt (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/3 Game Pack! - Uno & Skip-Bo & Uno Free Fall (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/3 in 1 - Animals (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/3 in 1 - Horses (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/3 in 1 - My Horse + My Vet Practice + My Vet Practice in the Country (Europe) (Fr,De,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/3 in 1 - My Riding Stables + My Pet School + My Western Horse (Europe) (Fr,De,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/3 in 1 - My Riding Stables - Life with Horses + My Pet Hotel 2 & + My Pet School (Europe) (Fr,De,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/3 in 1 - My Vet Practice & Riding Star & My Vet Practice in Australia (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/3 in 1 - Solitaire, Mahjong & Tangram (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/4 Elements (Europe) (Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/4 in 1 - Meine Tierarztpraxis + Meine Tierpension + Mein Gestuet + Mein Pferd (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/42 All-Time Classics (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/42 All-Time Classics (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/50 Classic Games (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/50 Jeux Incontournables (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/7 Wonders II (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/7 Wonders of the Ancient World (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/8BallAllstars (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ab durch die Hecke (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Actionloop (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Actua Pool (Europe) (En,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Addy - Do You Speak English (Europe) (Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Addy Junior - Mein Koerper (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Advance Wars - Dark Conflict (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Advance Wars - Dual Strike (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Agatha Christie - The ABC Murders (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Agatha Christie - The ABC Murders (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Age of Empires - Mythologies (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Age of Empires - The Age of Kings (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Alex Rider - Stormbreaker (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Alice in Wonderland (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Aliens - Infestation (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Aliens - Infestation (USA) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Aliens in the Attic (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Aliens in the Attic (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/All Star Cheerleader (Europe) (En,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Allied Ace Pilots (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Alpha and Omega (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Alvin and the Chipmunks (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Alvin and the Chipmunks - Chipwrecked (Europe) (Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Alvin and the Chipmunks - The Squeakquel (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Aly & AJ Adventure, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Amazing Adventures - The Forgotten Ruins (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Amazing Spider-Man, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/America's Next Top Model (Germany) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/America's Next Top Model (Germany) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/American Dragon - Jake Long (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/American Dragon - Jake Long - Attack of the Dark Dragon (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/AMF Bowling Pinbusters! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/An M. Night Shyamalan Film - The Last Airbender (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ancient Spirits - Columbus' Legacy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Angel Cat Sugar (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Animal Genius (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Animal Kororo (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Animal Life - Africa (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Animal Life - Australia (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Animal Life - Dinosaurs (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Animal Life - Eurasia (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Animal Life - North America (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Animal Paradise (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Animal Planet - Emergency Vets (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Animal Planet - Vet Life (Europe) (En,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Animal World - Big Cats (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Animal World - Dinosaurs (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Animaniacs - Lights, Camera, Action! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Animaniacs - Lights, Camera, Action! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ankh - Der Fluch des Skarabaeenkoenigs (Germany) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ankh - Der Fluch des Skarabaeenkoenigs (Germany) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Anna & die Liebe (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Anno - Create a New World (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Anno 1701 - Dawn of Discovery (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Another Code - Two Memories (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ant Nation (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Apassionata - Die Galanacht der Pferde - Meine Show (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Apollo Justice - Ace Attorney (Europe) (Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Aqua Panic! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Aquarium by DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Arceus Distribution 2010 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Arctic Tale (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Arkanoid DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Arkanoid DS (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Army Men - Soldiers of Misfortune (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Around the World in 80 Days & Fishdom (Germany) (Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Around the World in 80 Days & Fishdom (Germany) (Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Around the World in 80 Days (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Art - Das Kunstmagazin Puzzle - Echter Puzzlespass fuer Unterwegs (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Art Academy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Art of Murder - FBI Top Secret (Europe) (Fr,De) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Arthur and the Minimoys (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Arthur and the Revenge of Maltazard (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Asphalt - Urban GT (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Asphalt - Urban GT 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Assassin's Creed - Altair's Chronicles (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Assassin's Creed II - Discovery (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Asterix & Obelix XXL 2 - Mission Wifix (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Asterix - Brain Trainer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Asterix - These Romans Are Crazy! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Asterix at the Olympic Games (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Astro Boy - The Video Game (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Astro Boy - The Video Game (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Astrology (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Atari Greatest Hits - Volume 1 (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Atlantic Quest (Europe) (Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Atlantic Quest + Galactic Quest (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/ATV Quad Frenzy (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/ATV Quad Kings (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Avalon Code (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Avatar - Der Herr der Elemente - Die Erde Brennt (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Avatar - The Legend of Aang (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Avatar - The Legend of Aang - Into the Inferno (Europe) (En,De,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Away - Shuffle Dungeon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/B Team - Metal Cartoon Squad (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Baby Fashion Star (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Baby Life (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Baby Pals (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Baby Wild Katzen (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Babysitting Mania (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Backgammon (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Baerenbabys (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bakugan - Battle Brawlers (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv) (B6RP).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bakugan - Battle Brawlers (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv) (Toys'R'Us).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bakugan - Battle Brawlers - Battle Trainer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bakugan - Defenders of the Core (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bakugan - Rise of the Resistance (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bakushow - Challenge Your Friends! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ballerina (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Balls of Fury (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Band Hero (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bandz Mania (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Barbie - Groom and Glam Pups (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Barbie - Jet, Set & Style! (Europe) (De,Es,It) (VMZP) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Barbie - Jet, Set & Style! (Europe) (De,Es,It) (VMZX) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Barbie and the Three Musketeers (Europe) (De,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Barbie as the Island Princess (Europe) (Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Barbie Dreamhouse Party (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Barbie Fashion Show - An Eye for Style (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Barbie Horse Adventures - Riding Camp (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Barbie in the 12 Dancing Princesses (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Barnyard - Verrueckte Bauernhof-Spiele (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Barnyard Blast - Swine of the Night (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bastian Sick Der Dativ Ist dem Genitiv Sein Tod (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Batman - The Brave and the Bold - The Videogame (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Battles of Prince of Persia (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Battles of Prince of Persia (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Battleship (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bauernhof, Der (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Beat City (Europe) (En,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Beauty Academy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Beauty Salon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bee Movie - Das Game (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Beetle Junior DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bejeweled 3 (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bejeweled Twist (Australia) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bejeweled Twist (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (VBTP) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bejeweled Twist (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (VBTX) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bella Sara (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bella Sara (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ben 10 - Alien Force (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ben 10 - Alien Force (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ben 10 - Alien Force - Vilgax Attacks (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ben 10 - Alien Force - Vilgax Attacks (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ben 10 - Galactic Racing (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ben 10 - Galactic Racing (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ben 10 - Omniverse (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ben 10 - Protector of Earth (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ben 10 - Triple Pack (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ben 10 - Ultimate Alien - Cosmic Destruction (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ben 10 - Ultimate Alien - Cosmic Destruction (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ben 10 Triple Pack (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Benjamin Bluemchen - Ein Tag im Zoo (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Benoit Sokal Last King of Africa (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Berlitz - My English Coach (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bermuda Triangle (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Besser Essen - Leben Leicht Gemacht (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Best Friends - Hunde & Katzen (Germany) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Best Friends - Hunde & Katzen (Germany) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Best Friends Tonight (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Best of Arcade Games DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Best of Board Games DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Best of Card Games DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Best of Tests DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Betty Boop's Double Shift (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Beyblade - Metal Masters - Nightmare Rex (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/BFF TV (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bibi & Tina - Das Grosse Unwetter (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bibi & Tina - Die Grosse Schnitzeljagd (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bibi & Tina - Jump & Ride (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bibi Blocksberg - Das Gestohlene Hexbuch (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bibi Blocksberg - Der Verhexte Schloss-Schatz (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bibi Blocksberg - Grundschule Mathematik - Klasse 1 bis 4 (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bibi Blocksberg - Neustadt im Hex-Chaos (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bibliothek der Klassischen Buecher (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Biene Maja, Die - Klatschmohnwiese in Gefahr (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Big Bang Mini (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Big Bang Mini (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Big Brain Academy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Big Brain Academy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Big Catch - Bass Fishing (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Big Mutha Truckers (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Big Word Puzzle Book (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bigfoot - Collision Course (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bionicle Heroes (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bleach - Dark Souls (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bleach - The Blade of Fate (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Blood Bowl (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Blue Dragon - Awakened Shadow (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Blue Dragon Plus (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Blumen & Muster Puzzle - Echter Puzzlespass fuer Unterwegs (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bob the Builder - Festival of Fun (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Boing! Docomodake DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Boing! Docomodake DS (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bolt (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bomberman (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bomberman 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bomberman Land Touch! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bomberman Land Touch! 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bomberman Story DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Boogie (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Boulder Dash - Rocks! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Brain Assist (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Brain Assist (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Brain Challenge (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Brainstorm Series - Treasure Chase (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bratz - 4 Real (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bratz - Forever Diamondz (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bratz - Girlz Really Rock (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bratz - Super Babyz (Europe) (De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bratz Kidz - Party (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bratz Ponyz (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bratz Ponyz 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Brave (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bridge Training (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Brigitte - ErnaehrungsCoach (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Broken Sword - Shadow of the Templars - The Director's Cut (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Broken Sword - Shadow of the Templars - The Director's Cut (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Brothers in Arms DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bubble Bobble - Double Shot (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bubble Bobble Revolution (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Buffy the Vampire Slayer - Sacrifice (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bunnyz (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Burnout Legends (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Busy Scissors (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/C.O.P. - The Recruit (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/C.O.P. - The Recruit (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/C.O.R.E. (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cake Mania (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cake Mania 2 - Jill's Next Adventure! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Call of Atlantis (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Call of Atlantis (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Call of Duty - Black Ops (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Call of Duty - Modern Warfare - Mobilized (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Call of Duty - Modern Warfare 3 - Defiance (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Call of Duty 4 - Modern Warfare (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Calvin Tucker's Redneck - Farm Animal Racing Tournament (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Camp Rock - The Final Jam (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Captain America - Super Soldier (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Captain Morgane and the Golden Turtle (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Captain Tsubasa - New Kick Off (Europe) (Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Carcassonne (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Card Games - The Classics (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Carnival Games (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cars (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cars - Hook International (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cars - Race-O-Rama (Europe) (Fr,De) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cars 2 (Europe) (Fr,De,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cartoon Network Racing (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Casper's Scare School - Classroom Capers (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Casper's Scare School - Spooky Sports Day (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Castlevania - Dawn of Sorrow (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Castlevania - Order of Ecclesia (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Castlevania - Portrait of Ruin (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Casual Classics (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Casual Classics (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Casual Mania (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Catan (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cate West - The Vanishing Files (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cats & Dogs - The Revenge of Kitty Galore - The Videogame (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Catz (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Catz 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Celebi Distribution 2011 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Challenge Me - Brain Puzzles (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Challenge Me - Brain Puzzles 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Challenge Me - Maths Workout (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Challenge Me - Word Puzzles (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Challenge Me Kids - Brain Games (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Charlotte's Web (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chase, The - Felix Meets Felicity (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chase, The - Felix Meets Felicity (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chess (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chess for Kids (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chessmaster - The Art of Learning (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chicken Attack DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chicken Blaster (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chicken Hunter (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chicken Little - Ace in Action (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chicken Shoot (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chicken Shoot (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Children of Mana (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Christiane Stengers Gedaechtnis-Coach (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Christmas Carol, A (Europe) (Fr,De,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chronicles of Mystery - Curse of the Ancient Temple (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chronicles of Mystery - Curse of the Ancient Temple (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It,Nl) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chronicles of Mystery - The Secret Tree of Life (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chronicles of Narnia, The - Prince Caspian (Europe) (En,De,It,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chronicles of Narnia, The - The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (Europe) (En,De,Sv,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chronos Twin (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chrysler Classic Racing (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chrysler Classic Racing (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/City Life DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Classic Games - The Premium Selection (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Classic Games - The Premium Selection (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Clever Kids - Creepy Crawlies (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Clever Kids - Dino Land (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Clever Kids - Pony World (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Clever! - Das Spiel, das Wissen Schafft (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Clique, The - Queen Teen (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Club Penguin - Elite Penguin Force (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Clubhouse Games (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Clubhouse Games (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cocoto - Kart Racer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Beta).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cocoto - Kart Racer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cocoto Racers (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Colin McRae - Dirt 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Colour Cross (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Combat of Giants - Dinosaurs (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Combat of Giants - Dragons (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Combat of Giants - Mutant Insects (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Combo Pack - Madagascar 3 - Europe's Most Wanted + Croods, The - Prehistoric Party! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Command and Destroy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Contact (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Beta).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Contact (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cookie & Cream (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cooking Mama (Europe) (De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cooking Mama 2 - Dinner with Friends (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cooking Mama 3 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cooking Mama World - Combo Pack - Volume 1 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cooking Mama World - Combo Pack - Volume 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cooking Mama World - Hobbies & Fun (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cooking Mama World - Outdoor Adventures (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Coraline (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cornelsen Trainer - Englisch - Klasse 5 + 6 (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cornelsen Trainer - Englisch - Klasse 7 + 8 (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cornelsen Trainer - Mathe - Klasse 5 (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cornelsen Trainer - Mathe - Klasse 5 + 6 (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cornelsen Trainer - Mathe - Klasse 6 (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cradle of Rome (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crash - Mind over Mutant (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crash - Mind over Mutant (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crash Boom Bang! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crash of the Titans (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crayola Treasure Adventures (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crazy Chicken - Star Karts (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crazy Chicken Adventure - The Pharaoh's Treasure (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crazy Chicken Carnival (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crazy Chicken Jump'n Run - Atlantis Quest (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crazy Circus (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crazy Circus (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crazy Frog Collectables - Art School (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crazy Frog Racer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crazy Machines (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crazy Machines (Germany) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crazy Machines (Germany) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crazy Machines 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crazy Pig (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crazy School Games (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crime Scene (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Croods, The - Prehistoric Party! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/CrossworDS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cruise Line Tycoon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crystal Mines (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/CSI - Crime Scene Investigation - Dark Motives (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/CSI - Crime Scene Investigation - Dark Motives (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/CSI - Crime Scene Investigation - Deadly Intent - The Hidden Cases (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/CSI - Crime Scene Investigation - Unsolved! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Culture Generale pour les Nuls, La - 2e Edition (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Custom Robo Arena (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dance Floor (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dance! - It's Your Stage (Europe) (En,De) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Daniel X - The Ultimate Power (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Danny Phantom - Urban Jungle (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Darkrai Distribution 2011 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Das Weiss Doch Jedes Kind! (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dawn of Discovery (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/de Blob 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dead'n'Furious (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Deal or No Deal (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Deal or No Deal - Der Banker Schlaegt Zurueck (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Death Jr. and the Science Fair of Doom (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Deine Eigene Modenschau (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Deine Reitschule (Europe) (Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dementium - The Ward (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dementium II (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dementium II (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Despicable Me - Minion Mayhem (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Despicable Me - The Game - Minion Mayhem (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Deutsch 1.-4. Klasse - Fit fuers Gymnasium (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Deutsch 1.-4. Klasse 2012 (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Di-Gata Defenders (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Diabolik - The Original Sin (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Diddl im Kaesekuchenland (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Diddl Puzzle - Echter Puzzlespass fuer Unterwegs (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Diddy Kong Racing DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Diercke - Das Geographie-Quiz (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Diercke - Junior-Quiz Geographie (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Diner Dash (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Diner Dash - Sizzle & Serve (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Diner Dash - Sizzle & Serve (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dino Master - Dig, Discover, Duel (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dinosaur King (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Disney Big Hero 6 - Battle in the Bay (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Disney Friends (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Disney Frozen - Olaf's Quest (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Disney Planes (Europe) (Fr,De,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Disney Princess - Enchanting Storybooks (Europe) (De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Disney Princess - Magical Jewels (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Disney Violetta - Rhythm & Music (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Diva Girls - Diva Ballerina (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Diva Girls - Diva Dancers (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Diva Girls - Making the Music (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Diva Girls - Princess on Ice 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DJ Star (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dodge Racing - Charger vs Challenger (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dogz (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dogz 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dolphin Island (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dolphin Island - Underwater Adventures (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dolphin Trainer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Don King Boxing (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Don King Boxing (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Donkey Kong - Jungle Climber (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Donkey Xote (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Doodle Hex (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dora the Explorer - Dora Saves the Mermaids (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Double Sequence - The Q-Virus Invasion (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Double Sequence - The Q-Virus Invasion (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dr Kawashima's Brain Training - How Old Is Your Brain (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dr Kawashima's Brain Training - How Old Is Your Brain (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dr Reiner Knizia's Brainbenders (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dr. Seuss - How the Grinch Stole Christmas! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Drachenzaehmen Leicht Gemacht (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Draglade (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Ball - Origins (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Ball - Origins 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Ball Z - Attack of the Saiyans (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Ball Z - Goku Densetsu (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Ball Z - Supersonic Warriors 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Booster (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Hunters (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Master (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Quest - The Chapters of the Chosen (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Quest - The Hand of the Heavenly Bride (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Quest IX - Sentinels of the Starry Skies (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Quest Monsters - Joker (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Quest Monsters - Joker 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Quest Monsters - Joker 2 (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Quest VI - Realms of Reverie (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Thrills with Magic Lilly (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragonology (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragonology (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Drawn to Life (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Drawn to Life - SpongeBob SquarePants Edition (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Drawn to Life - The Next Chapter (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Drawn to Life Collection (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dream Pinball 3D (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dream Pinball 3D (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dreamer Series - Horse Trainer (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dreamer Series - Pop Star (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dreamer Series - Top Model (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dreamer Series - Zoo Keeper (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Drei Fragezeichen, Die - Das Geheimnis der Geisterinsel (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Drei Fragezeichen, Die - Das Geheimnis der Toten (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Drivers' Ed Portable (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dropcast (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Download Europe - Meteos & Polarium (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Download Station - Volume 3 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Demo) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Download Station - Volume 4 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Demo) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Download Station - Volume 5 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Demo) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Download Station - Volume 6 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Demo) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Download Station - Volume 7 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Demo) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Download Station - Volume 8 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Demo) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DTM Race Driver 3 - Create & Race (Germany) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DTM Race Driver 3 - Create & Race (Germany) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ducati Moto (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Duden - Einfach Klasse in Deutsch - 1. und 2. Klasse (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Duden - Einfach Klasse in Deutsch - 3. und 4. Klasse (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Duden - Einfach Klasse in Mathematik - 1. und 2. Klasse (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Duden - Einfach Klasse in Mathematik - 3. und 4. Klasse (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Duke Nukem - Critical Mass (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Duke Nukem - Critical Mass (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dungeon Explorer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dungeon Maker (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dungeon Raiders (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dungeon Raiders (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dynasty Warriors DS - Fighter's Battle (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/EA Playground (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/EA Playground (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Easy Learning - Discover Our World (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Easy Piano - Learn, Play & Compose (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ecolis - Save the Forest (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ed's Farm (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ed, Edd n Eddy - Scam of the Century (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Electroplankton (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Eledees - The Adventures of Kai and Zero (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Element Girls (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Element Girls - Love, Fashion & Friends (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Element Girls - Style Your Life! (Europe) (Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Elements of Destruction (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Elite Beat Agents (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Elite Forces - Unit 77 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Elite Forces - Unit 77 (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Elite Forces - Unit 77 (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ellen Whitaker's Horse Life (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Elvenland (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Emergency 2012 (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Emergency DS (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Emergency Kids (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Emily - My Personal Diary (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Emily Archer - The Curse of King Tut's Tomb (Europe) (Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Emily the Strange - Strangerous (Europe) (En,De) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Emma at the Farm (Europe) (En,De,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Emma at the Farm (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Emma in the Mountains (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Enchanted (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Enchanted (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Enchanted Folk and the School of Wizardry (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Englisch Buddy (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Englisch Entdecken Mit Ben & Bella (Germany) (En).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Englisch Macht Spass - Eine Reise nach London! (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/English Buddy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/English Training - Have Fun Improving Your Skills (Europe) (Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Eragon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Escape the Museum (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Escape the Museum (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Etrian Odyssey (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Evolution GT (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Exit DS (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Exit DS (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/F-24 - Stealth Fighter (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fairyland - Melody Magic (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fall fuer TKKG, Ein - Detektiv Gesucht! (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Family Park Tycoon (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Famous - The Road to Glory! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fantastic Four - Rise of the Silver Surfer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fantastic Four - Rise of the Silver Surfer (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fantasy Aquarium by DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Farm Frenzy - Animal Country (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Farm Frenzy 3 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Farm Life - Manage Your Own Farm (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fashion Designer - High Fashion (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fashion Designer - Style Icon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fashion Tycoon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fast Food Panic (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fee Lili-Rose, La - La Magie des Fees (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ferrari Challenge - Trofeo Pirelli - European Series (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/FIFA 06 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/FIFA 07 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/FIFA 08 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/FIFA 08 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/FIFA 09 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/FIFA 10 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/FIFA 11 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/FIFA Soccer 08 (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/FIFA Soccer 09 (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/FIFA Soccer 10 (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/FIFA Soccer 11 (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/FIFA Street 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/FIFA Street 2 (USA) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/FIFA Street 3 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/FIFA Street 3 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles - Echoes of Time (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles - Ring of Fates (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Final Fantasy Fables - Chocobo Tales (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Final Fantasy III (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Final Fantasy IV (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Final Fantasy Tactics A2 - Grimoire of the Rift (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Final Fantasy XII - Revenant Wings (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Finde die Unterschiede - Foto Frenzy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Findet Nemo - Flucht in den Ozean (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Finding Nemo - Escape to the Big Blue - Special Edition (Europe) (Fr,De,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fire Emblem - Shadow Dragon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fish Tycoon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fishdom (Europe) (Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fit for Fun - Der Interaktive Ernaehrungscoach (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fix It (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fizz (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Flipper Critters (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Flipper Critters (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Florist Shop (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Flower, Sun and Rain - Murder and Mystery in Paradise (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fluch der Osterinsel, Der (Germany) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Flushed Away (Europe) (De,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Football Academy - Build and Prove Your Football Knowledge (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ford Racing 3 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Franklin's Great Adventures (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Franzis Gedaechtnistrainer (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Franzoesisch Buddy (Europe) (Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Freddi Fish - ABC under the Sea (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Freshly-Picked - Tingle's Rosy Rupeeland (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fritz (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Frogger - Helmet Chaos (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/From the Abyss (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fuehrerschein Coach 2008 (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fuehrerschein-Trainer (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/G-Force (Europe) (De,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/G.I. Joe - The Rise of Cobra (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Galactic Taz Ball (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Galactik Football (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Galaxy Racers (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Galaxy Racers (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Galileo Mystery - Die Krone des Midas (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Game Hits (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gardening Guide - How to Get Green Fingers (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gardening Mama (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gardening Mama (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gardenscapes (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Garfield 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Garfield Gets Real (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Garfield's Fun Fest (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Garfield's Nightmare (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gauntlet (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Proto).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Geheimnis von Dragonville, Das - May's Mystery (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Generator Rex - Agent of Providence (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/GEO Wunder Natur Puzzle - Echter Puzzlespass fuer Unterwegs (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/GEOlino PowerQuiz - Wissen fuer Kinder (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Geomaster (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Geometry Wars - Galaxies (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/George of the Jungle (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Germany's Next Topmodel - Das Offizielle Spiel zur Show (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Germany's Next Topmodel - Das Offizielle Spiel zur Staffel 2009 (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Germany's Next Topmodel - Das Offizielle Spiel zur Staffel 2010 (Germany) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Germany's Next Topmodel - Das offizielle Spiel zur Staffel 2011! (Germany) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gesundheits Coach, Der - Wohlfuehlen Jeden Tag (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ghost Trick - Phantom Detective (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ghost Trick - Phantom Detective (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ghostbusters - The Video Game (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Giana Sisters DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gilde DS, Die (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gina-Lisa Powershopping (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Girls Life - Fashion Addict (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Girls Life - Jewellery Style (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Girls Life - Makeover (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Girls Only (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Glory Days 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Go West! - A Lucky Luke Adventure (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Go! Go! Cosmo Cops! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Godzilla Unleashed (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Golden Compass, The (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Golden Compass, The - The Official Videogame (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Golden Nugget Casino DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Golden Sun - Dark Dawn (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Golden Sun - Dark Dawn (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Goldene Amulett des Pharao, Das (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/GoldenEye 007 (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gormiti - The Lords of Nature! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gormiti - The Lords of Nature! (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Grand Theft Auto - Chinatown Wars (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Grand Theft Auto - Chinatown Wars (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Green Lantern - Rise of the Manhunters (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Green Lantern - Rise of the Manhunters (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Grey's Anatomy - The Video Game (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/GripsKids - Deutsch (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/GripsKids - Mathematik (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/GripsKids - Sachkunde (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Groovy Chick - My Fashion World (Europe) (En,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Grosse Tagesschau Quiz, Das (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Grundschule - 1.-4. Klasse - Fit fuers Gymnasium - 2014 (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Grundschule 1.-4. Klasse - Fit fuers Gymnasium (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Grundschule 1.-4. Klasse - Fit fuers Gymnasium 2010 (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Grundschule 1.-4. Klasse - Fit fuers Gymnasium 2012 (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Grundschule 1.-4. Klasse - Fit fuers Gymnasium 2013 (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Guilty Gear - Dust Strikers (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Guinness World Records - The Videogame (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Guitar Hero - On Tour (Europe) (Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Guitar Hero - On Tour (Europe) (Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Guitar Hero - On Tour - Decades (Europe) (Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Guitar Hero - On Tour - Decades (Europe) (Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Guitar Hero - On Tour - Modern Hits (Europe) (Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Guitar Rock Tour (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gunpey DS - Music x Puzzle (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Guru Guru (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hamsterz 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hamsterz 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Rev 2).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hannah Montana (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hannah Montana - Music Jam (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hannah Montana - The Movie (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Happy Bakery (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Happy Feet (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Happy Feet 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Happy Feet Two (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Happy Hippo's World Tour (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Happy Party with Hello Kitty & Friends! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hardy Boys, The - Treasure on the Tracks (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Ru).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harlem Globetrotters - World Tour (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - Part 1 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - Part 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harry Potter und der Halbblut-Prinz (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harvest Fishing (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harvest Moon - Frantic Farming (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harvest Moon - The Tale of Two Towns (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harvest Moon DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harvest Moon DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harvest Moon DS - Grand Bazaar (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harvest Moon DS - Island of Happiness (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harvest Moon DS - Sunshine Islands (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hasbro Family Game Night (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Haus Anubis, Das - Das Geheimnis des Osiris (Germany) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Haus Anubis, Das - Das Geheimnis des Osiris (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Haus Anubis, Das - Im Bann der Isis (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hell's Kitchen - The Game (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hell's Kitchen - The Game (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hello Baby! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hello Kitty - Big City Dreams (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hello Kitty - Big City Dreams (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hello Kitty - Birthday Adventures (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hello Kitty - Birthday Adventures (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hello Kitty - Daily (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hello Kitty - Party (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hello, Pocoyo! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Henry Hatsworth in the Puzzling Adventure (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Henry Hatsworth in the Puzzling Adventure (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Heracles - Battle with the Gods (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Herbie - Rescue Rally (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Herbie - Rescue Rally (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Heroes of Hellas 2 - Olympia (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hexe Lilli Entdeckt Europa (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hi Hi Puffy AmiYumi - The Genie & the Amp (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hi! Hamtaro - Ham-Ham Challenge (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hidden Expedition - Titanic (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hidden Mysteries - Buckingham Palace - Auf den Spuren der Royals (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hidden Mysteries - Salem Secrets (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hidden Mysteries - Titanic (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hidden Mysteries - Vampire Secrets (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hidden Object Show (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hidden Objects - The Big Journey (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hidden Objects - The Big Journey (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hidden Objects - The Big Journey (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl) (Rev 2).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hidden Objects - The Big Journey (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl) (Rev 3).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/High School Musical - Makin' the Cut! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/High School Musical - Makin' the Cut! (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/High School Musical 2 - Work This Out! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/High School Musical 2 - Work This Out! (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/High School Musical 3 - Senior Year (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/History - Great Empires - Rome (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/History - Great Empires - Rome (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/HMH Vokabeltrainer - Englisch (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/HMH Vokabeltrainer - Franzoesisch (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/HMH Vokabeltrainer - Spanisch (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Holly Hobbie & Friends (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hollywood Files - Deadly Intrigues (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Home Designer - Perfekt Gestylte Zimmer (Germany) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Honeycomb Beat (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hop - The Movie (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Horrible Histories - Ruthless Romans (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Horrid Henry - Missions of Mischief (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Horse & Foal - My Riding Stables (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Horse Life 3 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Horseland (Europe) (En,De,Nl,Sv) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hospital Giant (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hot Wheels - Battle Force 5 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hot Wheels - Beat That! (Europe) (Fr,De,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hot Wheels - Track Attack (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hotel Deluxe - Greif nach den Sternen (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hotel Dusk - Room 215 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hotel for Dogs (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hotel Giant DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/House M.D. - The Official Game (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hugo - Zauberei im Trollwald (Europe) (En,De,Es,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Humans, The - Meet the Ancestors! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hurry Up Hedgehog! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hysteria Hospital - Emergency Ward (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/I Am an... Air Traffic Controller by DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/I Did It Mum! - Boy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/I Did It Mum! - Doll's House (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/I Did It Mum! - Girl (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/I Did It Mum! - Picture Book (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/I Did It Mum! - Spelling (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/I Did It Mum! 2 - Boy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/I Did It Mum! 2 - Girl (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/I Love Beauty - Hollywood Makeover (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/I Love Horses (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/I Spy Fun House (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/iCarly (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/iCarly 2 - iJoin the Click! (Europe) (En,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ice Age 2 - The Meltdown (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ice Age 3 - Dawn of the Dinosaurs (Europe) (De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ice Age 4 - Continental Drift - Arctic Games (Europe) (De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ico Soccer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Igor - The Game (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/IKOU - Intelligenztrainer fuer Kids (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/IL-2 Sturmovik - Birds of Prey (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/IL-2 Sturmovik - Birds of Prey (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Artist (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Babies (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Baby Club (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Ballet Dancer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Ballet Star (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Beauty Stylist (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Champion Rider (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Champion Rider (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Detective (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Detective Adventures (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Doctor (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Dream Resort (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Dream Weddings (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Fashion Designer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Fashion Model (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Fashion Paradise (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Figure Skater (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Figure Skater (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Girl Band (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Gymnast (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Happy Cooking (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Happy Cooking (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Happy Cooking (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Interior Designer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Journalist (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Master Chef (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Modern Dancer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Movie Star (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - My Boutique (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - My Restaurant (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Party Planner (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Party Planner (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Pet Vet (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Rescue Vet (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Rock Star (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Teacher (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Teacher - School Trip (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Wildlife Keeper (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Impossible Mission (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Inazuma Eleven (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Inazuma Eleven 2 - Eissturm (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Inazuma Eleven 2 - Feuersturm (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Incredible Hulk, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Incredible Hulk, The (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Incredibles, The - Rise of the Underminer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Indiana Jones and the Staff of Kings (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Indoor Sports Club (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Inkheart (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Inkheart (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Internado, El - Laguna Negra (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/International Athletics (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Iron Man (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Iron Man 2 - The Video Game (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ivy the Kiwi (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/J4G - A Girl's World (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jackass - The Game DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jam Sessions - Sing & Play Guitar (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jam Sessions - Sing and Play Guitar (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jam with the Band (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jambo! Safari - Animal Rescue (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jambo! Safari - Animal Rescue (USA) (En,Fr,De,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/James Cameron's Avatar - The Game (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/James Patterson Women's Murder Club - Games of Passion (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/James Pond - Codename Robocod (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jane's Hotel (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jelly Belly - Ballistic Beans! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jenga - World Tour (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jetix Puzzle Buzzle (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Adventures (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Land (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Legends - Tree of Life (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Link - Safari Quest (Europe) (Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Master - Atlantis (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Master - Cradle of Athena (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Master - Cradle of Egypt (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Master - Cradle of Egypt 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Master - Cradle of Persia (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Master - Cradle of Rome (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Master - Cradle of Rome (Germany) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Master - Cradle of Rome (Germany) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Master - Cradle of Rome 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Match & 4 Elements (Germany) (Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Match & 4 Elements (Germany) (Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Match (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Match 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Match 3 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Quest - Expeditions (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Quest - Mysteries - 2 Tolle Wimmelbild-Abenteuer (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Quest - Solitaire - 3 Tolle Solitaire-Spiele (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Quest 5 - The Sleepless Star (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Quest IV - Heritage (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Quest Mysteries 2 - Trail of the Midnight Heart (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Time Deluxe (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewels of the Ages (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewels of the Tropical Lost Island (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jigapix - Love is (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jigapix - Pets (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jigapix - Wild World (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jigapix - Wonderful World (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Joan Jade and the Gates of Xibalba (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jojo's Fashion Show (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jonas (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Journey to the Center of the Earth (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Juiced 2 - Hot Import Nights (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jungle School (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Junior Brain Trainer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Junior Brain Trainer (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Junior Brain Trainer 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Junior Brain Trainer 2 (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Junior Classic Games (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Junior Classic Games (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Junior Classic Games (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Junior Mystery Stories (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Junior Wort-Quiz, Das (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Just Sing! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Just Sing! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl) (Rev 1) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Just Sing! - Vol. 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De) (VJVP) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Just Sing! - Vol. 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De) (VJVV) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Just Sing! - Vol. 3 (Europe) (En,Fr,De) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Justice League Heroes (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/K11 - Kommissare im Einsatz (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kakuromaniacs (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Karrablast-shelmet Distribution 2011 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Keldeo Distribution 2012 (USA, Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Keltis - Das Spiel von Reiner Knizia (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kim Possible - Global Gemini (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kim Possible - Kimmunicator (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kingdom Hearts - 358-2 Days (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kingdom Hearts - Re-coded (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kirby - Mouse Attack (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kirby - Power Paintbrush (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kirby Mass Attack (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kirby Super Star Ultra (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kirikou and the Wild Beasts (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Knerten Gets Married (Europe) (En,De,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Knigge - Spielend zum Guten Benehmen (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Knobel- und Denkspiele (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Knobel- und Denkspiele 2 (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Know How - Think and Play outside the Box (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Know How 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kochkurs - Was Wollen Wir Heute Kochen (Germany) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kochkurs - Was Wollen Wir Heute Kochen (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Konami Arcade Classics (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Konzentration und Aufmerksamkeit 1.-4. Klasse (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Korg DS-10 Synthesizer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kreuzwortraetsel DS - Welt Edition (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kung Fu Panda (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kung Fu Panda - Legendary Warriors (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kung Fu Panda 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kung Zhu (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Labyrinth (Europe) (En,Fr,De) (Ravensburger).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Labyrinth (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Labyrinth (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It) (Rev 1) (Ravensburger).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lalaloopsy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lanfeust of Troy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Langenscheidt Basic-Woerterbuch Englisch (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Langenscheidt VokabelStar Englisch fuer Einsteiger (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lara Croft Tomb Raider - Legend (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lara Croft Tomb Raider - Legend (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Last Window - The Secret of Cape West (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Learn to Play Chess with Fritz & Chesster (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Left Brain, Right Brain 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Left or Right - Ambidextrous Challenge (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Legend of Kage 2, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Legend of Kage 2, The (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Legend of Kay (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Legend of Spyro, The - A New Beginning (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Legend of Spyro, The - Dawn of the Dragon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Legend of Spyro, The - Dawn of the Dragon (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Legend of Spyro, The - The Eternal Night (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Legend of the Guardians - The Owls of Ga'Hoole (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Legend of Zelda, The - Phantom Hourglass (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Legend of Zelda, The - Phantom Hourglass (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Legend of Zelda, The - Spirit Tracks (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Legend of Zelda, The - Spirit Tracks (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Legend of Zelda, The - Spirit Tracks (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Batman - The Videogame (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Batman 2 - DC Super Heroes (Europe) (En,De) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Batman 2 - DC Super Heroes (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Batman 2 - DC Super Heroes (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Da) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Batman 2 - DC Super Heroes (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Battles (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Friends (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Harry Potter - Years 1-4 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Harry Potter - Years 5-7 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Indiana Jones - The Original Adventures (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Indiana Jones - The Original Adventures (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Indiana Jones 2 - The Adventure Continues (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Legends of Chima - Laval's Journey (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Legends of Chima - Laval's Journey (France) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Legends of Chima - Laval's Journey (Germany) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Legends of Chima - Laval's Journey (Germany) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Marvel Super Heroes - L'Univers en Peril (France) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Marvel Super Heroes - Universe in Peril (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Marvel Super Heroes - Universe in Peril (Germany) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Marvel Super Heroes - Universe in Peril (Germany) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Ninjago - The Videogame (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Da) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Ninjago - The Videogame (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Pirates of the Caribbean - The Video Game (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Rock Band (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Rock Band (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Star Wars - The Complete Saga (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Star Wars II - The Original Trilogy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Star Wars III - The Clone Wars (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO The Lord of the Rings (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO The Lord of the Rings (France) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO The Lord of the Rings (Germany) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO The Lord of the Rings (Germany) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lernen mit Pokemon - Tasten-Abenteuer (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lernerfolg Grundschule - Deutsch - Der Rechtschreibtrainer (Europe) (De,Tr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lernerfolg Grundschule - Deutsch - Klasse 1+2 (Europe) (De,Tr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lernerfolg Grundschule - Deutsch - Klasse 1-4 (Europe) (De,Tr) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lernerfolg Grundschule - Deutsch - Klasse 1-4 (Europe) (De,Tr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lernerfolg Grundschule - Deutsch - Klasse 3+4 (Europe) (De,Tr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lernerfolg Grundschule - Englisch (Germany) (Fr,De) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lernerfolg Grundschule - Englisch (Germany) (Fr,De) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lernerfolg Grundschule - Englisch - Der Vokabeltrainer (Europe) (Fr,De,Es,It,Tr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lernerfolg Grundschule - Konzentration - Der Aufmerksamkeitstrainer (Europe) (En,De,Tr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lernerfolg Grundschule - Mathematik (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lernerfolg Grundschule - Mathematik Intensiv - Klasse 1-4 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Tr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lernerfolg Grundschule - Musik - Little Amadeus (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lernerfolg Vorschule - Capt'n Sharky (Europe) (De,Tr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lernerfolg Vorschule - Capt'n Sharky (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lernerfolg Vorschule - Prinzessin Lillifee (Europe) (De,Tr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lernerfolg Vorschule - Prinzessin Lillifee (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Let's Draw! (Europe) (Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Let's Pilates! (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Let's Play Fashion Designer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Let's Play Firemen (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Let's Play Flight Attendant (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Let's Play Flight Attendant (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Let's Play Journalists (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Let's Play Mums (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Let's Play Pet Hospitals (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Let's Play Schools (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Let's Play Shops (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Let's Yoga! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Let's Yoga! (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LifeSigns - Hospital Affairs (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Line Rider - Freestyle (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lionel Trains - On Track (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Little Mermaid, The - Ariel's Undersea Adventure (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Little Mermaid, The - Ariel's Undersea Adventure (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Little Wingels (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Littlest Pet Shop - Beach Friends (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,Nl,Pt,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Littlest Pet Shop - City Friends (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,Nl,Pt,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Littlest Pet Shop - Country Friends (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,Nl,Pt,Sv,No,Da,Fi) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Littlest Pet Shop - Garden (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da,Fi,Pl,Cs).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Littlest Pet Shop - Jungle (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da,Fi,Pl,Cs).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Littlest Pet Shop - Spring (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Littlest Pet Shop - Winter (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da,Fi,Pl,Cs).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lock's Quest (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Logic Cubes (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Logic Island (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Logic Machines (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lola & Virginia (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Looney Tunes - Cartoon Concerto (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Looney Tunes - Cartoon Conductor (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Looney Tunes - Duck Amuck (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lord of the Rings, The - Aragorn's Quest (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lord of the Rings, The - Conquest (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lord of the Rings, The - Conquest (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lost Identities (Europe) (En,De) (VLIP) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lost Identities (Europe) (En,De) (VLIV) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lost in Blue (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lost in Blue 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lost in Blue 2 (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lost in Blue 3 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lost Treasures of Alexandria, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LostMagic (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LostMagic (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Love Is... in Bloom - The Flower Shop Garden (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Ru).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Loving Life with Hello Kitty & Friends (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lucky Luke - The Daltons (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lunar Knights (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Luxor - Pharaoh's Challenge (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/M&M's - Break 'em (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Madagascar (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Madagascar 2 (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Madagascar 3 - Europe's Most Wanted (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Ru).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Madagascar Kartz (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maeh Jongg DS (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maestro! - Jump in Music (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Magic Encyclopedia 3 - Illusions (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Magic Encyclopedia II - Moonlight (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Magic Made Fun - Perform Tricks That Will Amaze Your Friends! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Magic Roundabout, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Magical Michael Pang (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Magical Starsign (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Magical Unicorn, The (Europe) (Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Magische Labyrinth, Das (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mah Jong Quest - Expeditions (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mahjong (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mahjong (Germany) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mahjong (Germany) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mahjong - Eine Reise um die Welt (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mahjong Journey - Quest for Tikal (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mahjong Mysteries - Ancient Athena (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mahjongg - Ancient Egypt (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mahjongg - Ancient Mayas (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mahjongg - Ancient Mayas (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mahjongg DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maja (Europe) (Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Make 10 - A Journey of Numbers (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Make-up and Style (Germany) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/March of the Penguins (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Margot's Bepuzzled! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Margot's Word Brain (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Marie-Antoinette and the American War of Independence - Episode 1 - The Brotherhood of the Wolf (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Marie-Antoinette and the Disciples of Loki (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario & Luigi - Bowser's Inside Story (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario & Luigi - Bowser's Inside Story (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario & Luigi - Partners in Time (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario & Luigi - Partners in Time (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Winter Games (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario Kart DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario Kart DS (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario Party DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario Party DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario Slam Basketball (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario Slam Basketball (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario vs. Donkey Kong - Mini-Land Mayhem! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2 - March of the Minis (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Martin Mystery (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Marvel Nemesis - Rise of the Imperfects (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Marvel Super Hero Squad (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Marvel Super Hero Squad - The Infinity Gauntlet (Europe) (De,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Marvel Trading Card Game (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mary King's Riding School (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Master All Classics (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Match 3 Madness (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Matchstick Puzzle by DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mathe Buddy - 5. Klasse (Europe) (Fr,De,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mathe Buddy - 6. Klasse (Europe) (Fr,De,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mathematik 1.-4. Klasse - Fit fuers Gymnasium (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mathematik 1.-4. Klasse 2012 (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mathematik und Deutsch - 1.-4. Klasse - 2014 (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mathematik und Deutsch 1.-4. Klasse 2013 (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maths Made Simple (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maths Play - Have Fun with Numbers! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maus DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Max & the Magic Marker (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Max & the Magic Marker (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mazes of Fate DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mechanic Master (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mechanic Master (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mechanic Master 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MechAssault - Phantom War (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Meet the Robinsons (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mega Man Battle Network 5 - Double Team DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mega Man Star Force - Dragon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mega Man Star Force - Leo (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mega Man Star Force - Pegasus (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mega Man Star Force 2 - Zerker x Ninja (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mega Man Star Force 2 - Zerker x Saurian (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mega Man ZX (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mega Man ZX - Advent (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Megamind - The Blue Defender (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mein Beautyhotel fuer Tiere (Germany) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mein Beautyhotel fuer Tiere (Germany) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mein Eigener Tierbaby-Zoo (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mein Franzoesisch Coach - Verbessere Dein Franzoesisch (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mein Koch-Coach - Gesund und Lecker Kochen (Germany) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mein Traumjob - Kinderaerztin (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mein Wortschatz-Coach - Englisch Lernen (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mein Wortschatz-Coach - Verbessere Dein Ausdrucksvermoegen (Germany) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Meine Tierarztpraxis (Germany) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Meine Tierarztpraxis (Germany) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Meine Tierarztpraxis - Einsatz auf dem Land (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Meine Tierarztpraxis - SOS am Ozean (Europe) (En,De) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Meine Tierarztpraxis in Australien (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Meine Tierpension (Germany) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Meine Tierpension (Germany) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Meine Tierpension - Tapsige Tierbabys (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Meine Tierpension 2 (Germany) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Meine Tierpension 2 (Germany) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Meine Tierschule (Germany) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Meine Tierschule (Germany) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Meloetta Distribution 2013 (USA, Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mensch Aergere Dich Nicht - Das Beliebte Original (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Metal Slug 7 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Meteos (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Meteos - Disney Magic (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Metroid Prime - Hunters (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Metroid Prime - Hunters (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Metroid Prime - Hunters - First Hunt (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Metroid Prime Pinball (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Metropolis Crime$ (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Miami Crisis (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Miami Nights - Singles in the City (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Michael Jackson - The Experience (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Micro Machines V4 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Midnight Mysteries - Gaensehaut Wimmelbild-Abenteuer mit Edgar Allan Poe (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Midnight Play! Pack (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Might & Magic - Clash of Heroes (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Military History - Commander - Europe at War (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mind Quiz - Your Brain Coach (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mind Quiz - Your Brain Coach (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mind Your Language - Apprends le Francais! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mind Your Language - Aprende Espanol! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mind Your Language - Learn English! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mind Your Language - Learn Japanese! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mind Your Language - Lern Deutsch! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mind. Body. Soul. - Blend-It (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mind. Body. Soul. - Nutrition Matters (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mind. Body. Soul. - Spellbound 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MinDStorm - Train Your Brain (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MinDStorm 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mini Golf Resort (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mini Ninjas (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Minute to Win It (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Miss Spider's Sunny Patch Friends - Harvest Time Hop and Fly (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Miss Spider's Sunny Patch Friends - Harvest Time Hop and Fly (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monopoly (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster Band (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster Bomber (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster High - 13 Wishes (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster High - Ghoul Spirit (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Little Orbit) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster High - Ghoul Spirit (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (THQ) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster High - Skultimate Roller Maze (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster House (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Sv,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster Jam (Europe) (Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster Jam - Path of Destruction (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster Jam - Urban Assault (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster Lab (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster Lab (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster Trucks DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monsters vs Aliens (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Moon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Moorhuhn - Jewel of Darkness (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Moorhuhn - Star Karts (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Moorhuhn Adventure - The Pharaoh's Treasure (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Moorhuhn DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Moorhuhn Jump'n Run - Atlantis (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/More Brain Training from Dr Kawashima - How Old Is Your Brain (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/More Brain Training from Dr Kawashima - How Old Is Your Brain (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/More TouchMaster (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Moto Racer DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mr Bean (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mr. Slime Jr. (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mr. Slime Jr. (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MTV Fan Attack (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mummy, The - Tomb of the Dragon Emperor (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mummy, The - Tomb of the Dragon Emperor (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Murder in Venice (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Murder on the Titanic (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mushroom Men - Rise of the Fungi (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mushroom Men - Rise of the Fungi (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Music - Music for Everyone (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Music for Kids (Europe) (En,De) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Music Monstars - The Ultimate Music Machine (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Music Star - I Wanna Be a Popstar (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MX vs ATV Reflex (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Animal Centre (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Animal Centre - Baby Animals (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Animal Centre in Africa (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Animal Centre in Australia (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Baby - Boy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Baby - Girl (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Baby 2 - Boy & Girl (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Baby 3 & Friends (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Ballet Studio (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Best Friends - Cats & Dogs (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Boyfriend (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Boyfriend (Germany) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Boyfriend (Germany) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Boyfriend (Summer of My Life) (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Boyfriend - Der Sommer Meines Lebens (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Boyfriend - Verliebt in einen Star (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Chinese Coach - Learn to Speak Chinese (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Dangerous Pet - Snake (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Dangerous Pet - Spider (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Dogs Paradise (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Dress-Up (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My English Coach (Europe) (Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Farm Around the World (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Friends (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Frogger - Toy Trials (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Happy Kitchen (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Health Coach - Manage Your Weight (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Health Coach - Manage Your Weight (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Health Coach - Stop Smoking with Allen Carr (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Horse & Me (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Horse & Me 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da,Fi) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Horse Club (Europe) (En,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Little Baby (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Little Baby (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Little Baby (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Sv,No,Da) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Little Flufties (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Make-Up (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Own Pet Shelter (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Paris Fashion House (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Pet Beauty Salon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Pet Dolphin (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Pet Dolphin (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Pet Dolphin 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Pet Kitten (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Pet Parrot (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Pet Pony (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Pet Puppy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Pet Shop (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Pet Shop (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Pet Zoo Vet (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Puppy Shop (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Secret Diary (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Secret World by Imagine (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Vet Practice - In Australia (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Vet Practice - In the Country (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Western Horse (Europe) (En,De) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Western Horse (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MySims (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MySims - Agents (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MySims - Kingdom (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Sv,Pl,Cs,Hu).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MySims - Party (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MySims - Racing (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MySims - SkyHeroes (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MySims - SkyHeroes (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Myst (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mysterious Adventures in the Caribbean (Europe) (En,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mysterious Adventures in the Caribbean (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mysterious Case of Dr. Jekyll & Mr. Hyde, The (Europe) (Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mystery Case Files - MillionHeir (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mystery Case Files - Prime Suspects (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mystery Case Files - Ravenhearst (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mystery Case Files - Ravenhearst (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mystery Mansion (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mystery Stories (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mystery Stories (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mystery Stories - Mountains of Madness (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mystery Tales - Time Travel (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mystery Tales - Time Travel (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mystery Tales 2 - The Spirit Mask (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nacho Libre (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Namco Museum DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nancy Drew - The Deadly Secret of Olde World Park (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nancy Drew - The Mystery of the Clue Bender Society (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nanda's Island (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nandas Island (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nanostray (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nanostray 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Naraba's World - Labyrinth of Light (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Naraba's World - The Mysterious Palace (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Naruto - Ninja Council - European Version (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Naruto - Ninja Council 2 - European Version (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Naruto - Ninja Destiny - European Version (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Naruto - Ninja Destiny II - European Version (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Naruto Shippuden - Ninja Council 3 - European Version (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Natalie Brooks - Mystery at Hillcrest High (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Natalie Brooks - The Treasures of the Lost Kingdom (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Need for Speed - Most Wanted (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Need for Speed - Nitro (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Need for Speed - Nitro (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Need for Speed - ProStreet (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Need for Speed - ProStreet (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Need for Speed - ProStreet (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Need for Speed - ProStreet (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Need for Speed - Undercover (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Need for Speed - Undercover (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Need for Speed - Underground 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Need for Speed - Underground 2 (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Need for Speed Carbon - Own the City (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Neighbours from Hell (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Neopets Puzzle Adventure (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nervous Brickdown (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nervous Brickdown (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Neves (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/New Carnival - Funfair Games (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/New International Track & Field (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/New International Track & Field (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/New Super Mario Bros. (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/New Super Mario Bros. (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk, Y78P).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/New Super Mario Bros. (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/New Zealand Story Revolution (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Night at the Museum 2 - The Video Game (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ninja Captains (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ninja Gaiden - Dragon Sword (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ninja Reflex (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ninja Reflex (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ninjatown (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendo DS Browser (USA, Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendo Presents - Style Boutique (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendo Presents - Style Boutique (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendo Touch Golf - Birdie Challenge (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendogs (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendogs - Chihuahua & Friends (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendogs - Dachshund & Friends (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendogs - Dalmatian & Friends (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendogs - Labrador & Friends (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Oktoberfest - The Official Game (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/One Piece - Gigant Battle! (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Open Season (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Operation - Vietnam (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Orcs & Elves (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Orcs & Elves (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Orient Quest (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Original Frisbee Disc Sports - Ultimate & Golf (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Original Rummikub, The - Brings People Together (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (DTP Entertainment AG).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Original Rummikub, The - Brings People Together (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Games Factory Online).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Oscar der Ballonfahrer - Tierische Abenteuer (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Over the Hedge - Hammy Goes Nuts! (Europe) (Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Overlord Minions (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pac'n Roll (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pac-Pix (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pac-Pix (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Paint by DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Paint by DS - Military Vehicles (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Panzer Tactics DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Panzer Tactics DS (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pawly Pets - My Vet Practice (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/PDC World Championship Darts - The Official Video Game (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Penguins of Madagascar, The (Europe) (De,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Penguins of Madagascar, The - Dr. Blowhole Returns Again! (Europe) (De,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Percy Jackson & the Lightning Thief (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Personal Trainer DS for Men (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Personal Trainer DS for Women (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Personal Yoga Training - Learn in 15 Minutes a Day (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pet Adoption Center (USA) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pet Alien (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Peter Jackson's King Kong - The Official Game of the Movie (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da,Fi) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Peter Jackson's King Kong - The Official Game of the Movie (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da,Fi) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Peter Jackson's King Kong - The Official Game of the Movie (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Bunnyz (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Catz Clan (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Catz Playground (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Dog Superstar (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Dogz 2 (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Dogz Pack (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Dogz Pack (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Dogz Talent Show (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Fantasy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Fashion Stars (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Hamster Superstar (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Hamsterz Life 2 (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Hamsterz Superstars (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Horseshoe Ranch (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Monkeyz House (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - My Baby Panda (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - My Horse Family (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - My Kitten Family (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - My Monkey Family (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - My Puppy Family (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Nursery (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Nursery (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Playschool (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Pony Club (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pferd & Pony - Best Friends - Mein Pferd (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pferd & Pony - Die Reitakademie (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pferd & Pony - Die Reitakademie - Das Entscheidende Turnier (Europe) (En,De) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pferd & Pony - Mein Gestuet (Germany) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pferd & Pony - Mein Gestuet (Germany) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pferd & Pony - Mein Gestuet - Ein Leben fuer die Pferde (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pferdefreunde Puzzle - Echter Puzzlespass fuer Unterwegs (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Phineas and Ferb (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Phineas and Ferb - 2 Disney Games (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Phineas and Ferb - Across the 2nd Dimension (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Phineas and Ferb - Quest for Cool Stuff (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Phineas and Ferb - Ride Again (Europe) (En,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Phoenix Wright - Ace Attorney (Europe) (De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Phoenix Wright - Ace Attorney - Justice for All (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Phoenix Wright - Ace Attorney - Trials and Tribulations (Europe) (Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Picross 3D (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Picross 3D (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Picross DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pictionary (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/PictoImage (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/PictoImage - Sketch and Guess on Your DS! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Picture Puzzle Collection (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pimp My Ride - Street Racing (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pinball Deluxe (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ping Pals (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pipe Mania (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pippa Funnell (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pippa Funnell (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pippa Funnell 2 - Farm Adventures (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pippi Longstocking (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pirates - Duels on the High Seas (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pirates Boarding (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pirates of the Caribbean - At World's End (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pirates of the Caribbean - At World's End (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pirates of the Caribbean - Dead Man's Chest (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pirates of the Caribbean - Dead Man's Chest (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Planet 51 - The Game (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Planet Rescue - Animal Emergency (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Planet Rescue - Endangered Island (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Planet Rescue - Ocean Patrol (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Plants vs. Zombies (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (MSL).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Plants vs. Zombies (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Rondomedia).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Platinum Sudoku (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Play Gardens (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Playmobil Interactive - Knight - Hero of the Kingdom (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Playmobil Interactive - Knights (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Playmobil Interactive - Pirates (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Playmobil Interactive - Top Agents (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pocket Book - Mein Geheimes Tagebuch (Germany) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pocket Book - Mein Geheimes Tagebuch (Germany) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pocoyo Racing (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Point Blank DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Diamant-Edition (Germany) (Rev 5).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Goldene Edition HeartGold (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Perl-Edition (Germany) (Rev 5).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Platin-Edition (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Schwarze Edition (Germany) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Schwarze Edition 2 (Germany) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Silberne Edition SoulSilver (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Weisse Edition (Germany) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Weisse Edition 2 (Germany) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Dash (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Link! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Mystery Dungeon - Blue Rescue Team (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Mystery Dungeon - Blue Rescue Team (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Mystery Dungeon - Explorers of Darkness (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Mystery Dungeon - Explorers of Sky (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Mystery Dungeon - Explorers of Sky (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Mystery Dungeon - Explorers of Time (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Mystery Dungeon - Explorers of Time + Pokemon Mystery Dungeon - Explorers of Darkness (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Ranger (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Ranger (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Ranger - Guardian Signs (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Ranger - Shadows of Almia (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Ranger - Shadows of Almia (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Polar Rampage (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Polarium (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/PONS Englisch - Vokabel Buddy (Europe) (Fr,De,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/PONS Franzoesisch - Vokabel Buddy (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pony Friends (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pony Friends (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pony Friends (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pony Friends (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pony Friends 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pony Friends 2 (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pony Life (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pony Luv (Europe) (En,Fr,De) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Popstars (Germany) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Populous DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Postman Pat (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Power Play Pool (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Power Rangers - Samurai (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Power Rangers - Super Legends (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Power Rangers - Super Legends (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/PowerQuiz - Allgemeinbildung (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/PowerQuiz - Die Sport-Edition (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Powershot Pinball Constructor (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Practise English! (Europe) (Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Prey the Stars - Gabu Gabu Planet (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Prince of Persia - The Fallen King (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Prince of Persia - The Fallen King (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Prince of Persia - The Forgotten Sands (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Prince of Persia - The Forgotten Sands (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Princess and the Frog, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Princess Debut - The Royal Ball (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Princess in Love (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Princess in Love (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Princess Isabella - Witch's Curse (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Princess Lillifee - My Wonderful World (Europe) (Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Princess Melody (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Princess Natasha - Student, Secret Agent, Princess (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Princess on Ice (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Princess on Ice (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Prinses Lillifee (Europe) (Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Prinzessin Lillifee - Feenzauber (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Prinzessin Lillifee - Meine Liebsten Freunde (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Prinzessin Lillifee - Meine Wunderbare Welt (Germany) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Prinzessin Lillifee - Meine Wunderbare Welt (Germany) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Prinzessin Lillifee - Spielesammlung (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Prinzessin Lillifee Puzzle - Echter Puzzlespass fuer Unterwegs (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Prism - Light the Way (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Prism - Light the Way (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pro Evolution Soccer 2008 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pro Evolution Soccer 6 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Brainmaniac (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Heinz Wolff's Gravity (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Heinz Wolff's Gravity (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Kageyama's Maths Training - The Hundred Cell Calculation Method (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Kageyama's Maths Training - The Hundred Cell Calculation Method (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Layton and the Curious Village (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Layton and the Curious Village (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Layton und der Ruf des Phantoms (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Layton und die Schatulle der Pandora (Germany) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Layton und die Schatulle der Pandora (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Layton und die Verlorene Zukunft (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Project Rub (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Project Rub (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pucca - Power Up (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Purr Pals (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puss in Boots (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Bobble Galaxy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Chronicles (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle City (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Kingdoms (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Kingdoms (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle League DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Quest - Challenge of the Warlords (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Quest - Galactrix (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Quest - Galactrix (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Quest 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzler Brain Games (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzler Collection (Europe) (Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzler World 2013 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Quest Trio, The (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Quick Yoga Training - Learn in Minutes a Day (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Quiz Taxi (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rabbids Go Home (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Race Driver - Create & Race (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Race Driver - Create & Race (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Race Driver - Grid (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rafa Nadal Tennis (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ram Racing (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rango (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rango (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ratatouille (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ratatouille - Food Frenzy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,El).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rayman - Raving Rabbids (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rayman - Raving Rabbids - TV Party (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rayman - Raving Rabbids 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rayman DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Real Adventures - Pet Vet (Europe) (De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Real Adventures - Wild Horses - The Quest for the Golden Horse (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Real Crimes - Jack the Ripper (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Real Crimes - Jack the Ripper (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Real Crimes - The Unicorn Killer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Real Football 2008 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Real Football 2009 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Real Stories - Best Friends - Mon Poulain, Mon Cheval (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Red Bull BC One (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Red Bull BC One (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Resident Evil - Deadly Silence (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Restaurant Tycoon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rhythm Paradise (Europe) (En,Fr,De) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rhythm Paradise (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Riding Star 3 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey - It's My Circus - Elephant Friend (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rio (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rio (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rise of the Guardians (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Robots (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rock Band 3 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rock Band 3 (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rock Revolution (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Roogoo Attack! (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rooms - The Main Building (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rub Rabbits!, The (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rub Rabbits!, The (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rubik's Puzzle World (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Runaway - A Twist of Fate (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Runaway - The Dream of the Turtle (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Runaway - The Dream of the Turtle (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rune Factory - A Fantasy Harvest Moon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rune Factory 2 - A Fantasy Harvest Moon (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Russel Grant's Astrology (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Safari Adventures - Africa (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Safecracker - The Ultimate Puzzle Adventure (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sam Power - Firefighter (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sam Power - Footballer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sam Power - Handyman (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sam Power - Policeman (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Samantha Swift and the Hidden Roses of Athena (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sarah - Die Hueterin des Einhorns (Europe) (Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SBK - Snowboard Kids (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Scene It Twilight (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Schach & Matt (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Schach (Germany) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Schach (Germany) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Schach Attacke (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Schatz der Delfine, Der (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Science Papa (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Scooby-Doo! - First Frights (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Scooby-Doo! - First Frights (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Scooby-Doo! - Wer Schaut Wem Zu (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Scooby-Doo! and the Spooky Swamp (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Scotland Yard - Hunting Mister X (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Scotland Yard - Hunting Mister X (Europe) (En,De,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Scribblenauts (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Scurge - Hive (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sea Monsters - A Prehistoric Adventure (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sea Park Tycoon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da,Fi) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sea Park Tycoon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Secret Files - Tunguska (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Secret Files - Tunguska (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Secret Files 2 - Puritas Cordis (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Secret Flirts - Make Everyone Fall For You! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Secret Saturdays, The - Beasts of the 5th Sun (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sega Casino (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sega Casino (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sega Superstars Tennis (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sega Superstars Tennis (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Settlement Colossus (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Settlers, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Settlers, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Settlers, The (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shaun the Sheep (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shaun the Sheep (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shaun the Sheep - Off His Head (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shaun White Snowboarding (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shaymin Distribution 2009 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sherlock Holmes DS - The Mystery of the Mummy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sherlock Holmes DS and the Mystery of Osborne House (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shining Stars - Super Starcade (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shiny Dialga-Palkia-Giratina Distribution 2013 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Showtime Championship Boxing (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shrek - Forever After (Europe) (De,Es) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shrek - Oger und Dresel (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shrek - Smash n' Crash Racing (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shrek - Super Slam (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shrek der Dritte (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shrek's Carnival Craze - Party Games (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sid Meier's Civilization Revolution (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sid Meier's Civilization Revolution (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sight Training - Enjoy Exercising and Relaxing Your Eyes (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sight Training - Enjoy Exercising and Relaxing Your Eyes (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sightseeing Puzzle - Echter Puzzlespass fuer Unterwegs (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SimAnimals (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SimAnimals (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SimAnimals - Africa (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Nl,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SimAnimals - Africa (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Nl,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SimCity - Creator (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SimCity DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SimCity DS (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simpsons, Die - Das Spiel (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sims 2, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sims 2, The (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sims 2, The - Apartment Pets (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sims 2, The - Apartment Pets (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sims 2, The - Castaway (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sims 2, The - Castaway (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sims 2, The - Pets (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sims 2, The - Pets (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sims 3, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Skate It (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Skate It (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SmileyWorld - Island Challenge (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Smurfs 2, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Smurfs Collection, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SNK vs. Capcom - Card Fighters DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Snood 2 - On Vacation (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/So Blonde - Back to the Island (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sokoban DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Solatorobo - Red the Hunter (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Solatorobo - Red the Hunter (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Solitaire (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Solitaire DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Solitaire Mahjong - Ancient China Adventure (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sonic & Sega All-Stars Racing (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sonic Chronicles - The Dark Brotherhood (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sonic Chronicles - The Dark Brotherhood (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sonic Classic Collection (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sonic Colors (Japan) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sonic Colors (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sonic Colours (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sonic Rush (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sonic Rush (Japan) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sonic Rush (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sonic Rush Adventure (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sonic Rush Adventure (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sonic Rush Adventure (Japan) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sonic Rush Adventure (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sonny with a Chance (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sorcerer's Apprentice, The (Europe) (En,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Soul Bubbles (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Soul Bubbles (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Space Bust-A-Move (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Space Camp (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Space Chimps (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Space Invaders Extreme (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Space Invaders Extreme (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Space Invaders Extreme 2 (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Space Invaders Extreme 2 (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Space Invaders Revolution (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Space Invaders Revolution (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spanish Buddy (Europe) (Fr,De,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spectrobes (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spectrobes (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spectrobes - Beyond the Portals (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Speed Racer - The Videogame (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spellbound (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spider-Man - Battle for New York (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spider-Man - Edge of Time (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spider-Man - Freund oder Feind (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spider-Man - Shattered Dimensions (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spider-Man - Web of Shadows (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spider-Man 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spider-Man 3 (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spiderwick Chronicles, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spiderwick Chronicles, The (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spiegel Online - Die Wissenstrainer-Serie - Allgemeinwissen (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spiegel Online - Die Wissenstrainer-Serie - Karriere Coach (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spiegel Online - Die Wissenstrainer-Serie - Life Coach (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spiegel Online - Die Wissenstrainer-Serie - Weltreise (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spielend Mathe Lernen (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SpongeBob - SpongeBob's Truth or Square (Europe) (En,De,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SpongeBob and Friends - Battle for Volcano Island (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SpongeBob SquarePants - Creature from the Krusty Krab (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SpongeBob SquarePants - Frantic Fry Cook (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SpongeBob SquarePants - Plankton's Robotic Revenge (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SpongeBob SquarePants - The Yellow Avenger (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SpongeBob SquarePants and Friends Unite! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SpongeBob SquarePants featuring Nicktoons - Globs of Doom (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SpongeBob und Seine Freunde - Angriff der Spielzeugroboter (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SpongeBob's Atlantis SquarePantis (Europe) (De,El).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SpongeBob's Boating Bash (Europe) (En,De) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SpongeBob's Surf & Skate - Roadtrip (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spooky Story (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spore Creatures (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spore Creatures (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spore Hero Arena (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spore Hero Arena (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sports Collection (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sports Island DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spyro - Shadow Legacy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Squeeballs Party (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Squinkies - Surprize Inside (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Star Fox Command (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Star Wars - Battlefront - Elite Squadron (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Star Wars - Episode III - Revenge of the Sith (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Star Wars - Episode III - Revenge of the Sith (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Star Wars - Lethal Alliance (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Star Wars - Lethal Alliance (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Star Wars - The Clone Wars - Jedi Alliance (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Star Wars - The Clone Wars - Jedi Alliance (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Star Wars - The Clone Wars - Republic Heroes (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Star Wars - The Clone Wars - Republic Heroes (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Star Wars - The Force Unleashed (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Star Wars - The Force Unleashed (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Star Wars - The Force Unleashed II (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Star Wars - The Force Unleashed II (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Steel Horizon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sternenschweif - Das Geheimnis im Zauberwald (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sternentaenzer - Das Geheimnisvolle Pferd (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Stratego - Next Edition (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Strawberry Shortcake - Strawberryland Games (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,Nl,No).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Strawberry Shortcake - The Four Seasons Cake (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Street Football (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Subbuteo (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Successfully Learning English (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Tr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Successfully Learning English - Year 2+3 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Tr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Successfully Learning English - Year 4+5 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Tr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Successfully Learning Mathematics (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Ru).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Successfully Learning Mathematics (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Tr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Successfully Learning Mathematics - Year 2+3 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Tr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Successfully Learning Mathematics - Year 4+5 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Tr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sudoku Ball Detective (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sudoku Master (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sudokumaniacs (Europe) (En,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sudokuro (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sueddeutsche Zeitung Wissen - Mehr Kreuzwortraetsel (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Suikoden - Tierkreis (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Suite Life of Zack & Cody, The - Circle of Spies (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Suite Life of Zack & Cody, The - Circle of Spies (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Black Bass Fishing (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Fahrschule (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Fruit Fall (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Fun Chess (Europe) (En,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Fun Sudoku (Europe) (En,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Mario 64 DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Monkey Ball - Touch & Roll (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Monkey Ball - Touch & Roll (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Princess Peach (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Scribblenauts (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Star Kartz (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Superman Returns (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Supermodel Makeover by Lauren Luke (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Surf's Up (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sushi Academy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sushi Go-Round (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sweet 16 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Syberia (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tabaluga - Gruenland in Gefahr (Europe) (Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tak - The Great Juju Challenge (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tale of Despereaux, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tales to Enjoy! - Little Red Riding Hood (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tales to Enjoy! - Puss in Boots (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tales to Enjoy! - The Three Little Pigs (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tales to Enjoy! - The Ugly Duckling (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tamagotchi Connexion - Corner Shop (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tamagotchi Connexion - Corner Shop 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tamagotchi Connexion - Corner Shop 3 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tangled (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tangram Mania (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tank Battles (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tao's Adventure - Curse of the Demon Seal (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tecktonik - World Tour (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles - Arcade Attack (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 3 - Mutant Nightmare (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Teenage Zombies - Invasion of the Alien Brain Thingys (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tele 7 Jeux Inedits - Professeur Brainmaniac (France) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tenchu - Dark Secret (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tennis Elbow (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tetris DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tetris Party Deluxe (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Texas Hold 'em Poker DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Theme Park (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Theme Park (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Theme Park DS (Japan) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Think - Train Your Brain - Logic Trainer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Sv,No,Da) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Think - Training fuer den Kopf - Fit fuer den Job! (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Think - Training fuer den Kopf - Kids - Ist Doch Logisch! (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Think - Training fuer den Kopf - Kids - Spiel Dich Schlau! (Europe) (En,De) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Think - Training fuer den Kopf - Logik Trainer (Germany) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Think - Training fuer den Kopf - Logik Trainer (Germany) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Think - Training fuer den Kopf - Logik Trainer - Think Again (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Think - Training fuer den Kopf - Sinnes Trainer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Thor - God of Thunder (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Thor - God of Thunder (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Thrillville - Off the Rails (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Thundercats (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/ThunderCats (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tierbabys - Meine Grosse Tierpension (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tierbabys Puzzle - Echter Puzzlespass fuer Unterwegs (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tierliebe Gross Geschrieben (Europe) (De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tiger Woods PGA Tour (USA, Europe) (En,Fr,De) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tiger Woods PGA Tour (USA, Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tigerz (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tim Stockdale's Riding Star (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Sv,No,Da) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Time Hollow (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Timmy Time (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/TINCan! Escape (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/TINCan! Escape (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tinker Bell (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tinker Bell (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tinker Bell + Tinker Bell and the Lost Treasure (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tinker Bell and the Great Fairy Rescue (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tinker Bell and the Lost Treasure (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tintenherz (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Titanic Mystery (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/TMNT (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/TMNT - Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/To-Fu Collection (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/To-Fu Collection (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tom and Jerry Tales (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tom Clancy's EndWar (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell - Chaos Theory (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell - Chaos Theory (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tomb Raider - Underworld (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tony Hawk's American Sk8land (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tony Hawk's Downhill Jam (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tony Hawk's Proving Ground (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Toon-Doku - Sudoku with Pictures! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tootuff - Mission Nadia (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Top Model Academy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Top Spin 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Top Spin 2 (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Top Spin 3 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Top Trumps - Dogs & Dinosaurs (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Top Trumps - Horror & Predators (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Totally Spies! 2 - Undercover (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Totally Spies! 3 - Secret Agents (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Touch 'N' Play Collection (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Touch the Dead (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/TouchMaster (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/TouchMaster 3 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/TouchMaster 4 - Connect (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Toy Shop Tycoon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Toy Story 3 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/TrackMania DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/TrackMania Turbo (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Autobots (Germany) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Autobots (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Dark of the Moon - Autobots (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Dark of the Moon - Decepticons (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Decepticons (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Kampf um Cybertron - Autobots (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Kampf um Cybertron - Deceptions (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Revenge of the Fallen - Autobots Version (Europe) (De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Revenge of the Fallen - Decepticons Version (Europe) (De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Ultimate Autobots Edition (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers Prime - The Game (Europe) (De,Sv).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Trauma Center - Under the Knife (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Travel Coach - Europe 1 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Travel Coach - Europe 2 (Europe) (En,De,Nl,El,Tr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Travel Coach - Europe 3 (Europe) (En,De,Pl,Ru,Cs).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Travel Games for Dummies (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Treasure Master (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Treasures of Montezuma 2, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Treasures of Montezuma, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Trioncube (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/TRON - Evolution (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tropical Lost Island (Europe) (En,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tropical Lost Island (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tropix! ...Your Island Getaway (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/True Swing Golf (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tsumiki - The Infernal Tower (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Turbo - Super Stunt Squad (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ultimate Band (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ultimate Mortal Kombat (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ultimate Mortal Kombat (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ultimate Spider-Man (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Undercover - Dual Motives (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Underwater Puzzle - Echter Puzzlespass fuer Unterwegs (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Uno 52 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Unsolved Crimes (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Up (Europe) (Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Urbz, The - Sims in the City (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/V8 Supercars Australia 3 - Create & Race (Australia) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Vampire Moon - The Mystery of the Hidden Sun (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Vegas Casino High 5! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Vicky the Viking - Part 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Victorious - Hollywood Arts Debut (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Victorious - Hollywood Arts Debut (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Victorious - Taking the Lead (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Victorious - Taking the Lead (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Viewtiful Joe - Double Trouble! (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/VIP News (Europe) (En,De) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/VIPs - Very Important Pets (Europe) (En,De) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Virtual Villagers - Erschaffe dein Paradies! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Visual Logic Training (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Viva Pinata - Pocket Paradise (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/VocabStar English Advanced (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Vorschulspass mit Benjamin Bluemchen (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wacky Races - Crash & Dash (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wacky Races - Crash & Dash (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Walk with Me! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/WALL-E (Europe) (Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wappy Dog (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Warhammer 40,000 - Squad Command (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wario - Master of Disguise (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wario - Master of Disguise (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/WarioWare - Do It Yourself (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/WarioWare - Touched! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/WarioWare - Touched! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Was Ist Was - Abenteuer Erde (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Was Ist Was - Versunkene Schaetze - Das Abenteuerspiel (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Water Horse, The - Legend of the Deep (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wedding Planner - Traumhochzeiten Garantiert (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Welcome to Animal Crossing - Wild World (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Welcome to Animal Crossing - Wild World (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wendy - Das Pferdehospital (Europe) (En,De) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/What's Cooking - Jamie Oliver (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Where the Wild Things Are (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Whitaker Family Presents, The - Horse Life (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Who Wants to Be a Millionaire (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Who Wants to Be a Millionaire - 2nd Edition (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wickie und die Starken Maenner (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wiffle Ball (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wilden Huehner und die Jagd nach dem Rubinherz, Die (Germany) (En,De,Sv).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wilden Huehner und die Jagd nach dem Rubinherz, Die (Germany) (En,De,Sv).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Willi Wills Wissen - Notruf - Retter im Einsatz (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Willkommen in der Steinzeit - Ueberleben Ist Alles! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Winnetoons - Die Legende vom Schatz im Silbersee (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Winter in Blue Mountain (Europe) (En,De,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Winter Sports 2 - The Next Challenge (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Winter Sports 2009 - The Next Challenge (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Winx Club - Believix in You! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Winx Club - Magical Fairy Party (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Winx Club - Mission Enchantix (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Winx Club - Mission Enchantix (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Winx Club - Quest for the Codex (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Winx Club - Rockstars (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Winx Club - Saving Alfea (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Winx Club - Secret Diary 2009 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Winx Club - Your Magic Universe (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/WireWay (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Witches & Vampires - Ghost Pirates of Ashburry (Europe) (En,De) (VWVP) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Witches & Vampires - Ghost Pirates of Ashburry (Europe) (En,De) (VWVV) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Witches & Vampires - The Secrets of Ashburry (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wizards of Waverly Place (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wizards of Waverly Place - Spellbound (Europe) (En,De,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wo auf der Welt Ist Carmen Sandiego - Das Geheimnis am Ende der Welt (Europe) (De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Woodleys, The - Summer Sports (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/World Championship Sports - Summer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/World Cup of Pool (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/World of Zoo (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Worms - Open Warfare (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Worms - Open Warfare 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wreck-It Ralph (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/WWE SmackDown vs Raw 2008 featuring ECW (Europe) (En,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/WWE SmackDown vs Raw 2009 featuring ECW (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/WWE SmackDown vs Raw 2010 featuring ECW (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/X-Men - Destiny (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/X-Men Origins - Wolverine (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/XG Blast! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/XG Blast! (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Xia-Xia (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Xiaolin Showdown (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yamaha Supercross (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yeti Quest - Crazy Penguins (Europe) (Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yogi Bear (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yogi Bear - The Video Game (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yoshi Touch & Go (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yoshi Touch & Go (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yoshi's Island DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yoshi's Island DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yoshi's Island DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Youda Farmer (Europe) (En,Fr,De) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Youda Farmer (Europe) (En,Fr,De) (Rev 1) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Youda Legend - The Curse of the Amsterdam Diamond (Europe) (En,Fr,De) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Youda Legend - The Golden Bird of Paradise (Europe) (En,Fr,De) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Youda Safari (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Your Riding School (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu-Gi-Oh! - Nightmare Troubadour (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu-Gi-Oh! - World Championship 2007 (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu-Gi-Oh! - World Championship 2008 (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's - Stardust Accelerator - World Championship 2009 (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's - Stardust Accelerator - World Championship 2009 (Japan) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's - Stardust Accelerator - World Championship 2009 (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's - World Championship 2010 - Reverse of Arcadia (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's - World Championship 2010 - Reverse of Arcadia (Japan) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's - World Championship 2010 - Reverse of Arcadia (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's - World Championship 2011 - Over the Nexus (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's - World Championship 2011 - Over the Nexus (Japan) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's - World Championship 2011 - Over the Nexus (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters - World Championship 2007 (Japan) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Card Almanac (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Spirit Caller (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zarah - Das Schloss des Gwoor (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zendoku (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zendoku (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zenses - Ocean (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zenses - Rainforest (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zhu Zhu Babies (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zhu Zhu Pets (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zhu Zhu Pets featuring the Wild Bunch (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zhu Zhu Puppies (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/ZhuZhu Princess (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zoo Hospital (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zoo Keeper (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zoo Quest - Puzzle Fun! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da,Fi,Hu).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zoo Tycoon 2 DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zoo Tycoon DS (Europe) (Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zoobles! Spring to Life! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zoroark Distribution 2011 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zorro - Quest for Justice (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zorro - Quest for Justice (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zubo (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv).zip
