https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/'Chou' Kowai Hanashi DS - Ao no Shou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/'Josei no Hinkaku' Juku DS - Tsuyoku, Yasashiku, Utsukushiku - Bando Mariko Shinsho (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/007 - Blood Stone (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/007 - Blood Stone (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/007 - Blood Stone (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/007 - Blood Stone (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/007 - Ein Quantum Trost (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/007 - Quantum of Solace (Europe) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/007 - Quantum of Solace (Europe) (Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/007 - Quantum of Solace (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/007 - Quantum of Solace (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/1 contre 100 (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/1 gegen 100 (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/1 vs 100 (Europe) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/1 vs 100 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/1-nichi 10-pun de E ga Jouzu ni Kakeru DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/10 voor Taal (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/100 All-Time Favorites (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/100 Classic Book Collection (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/100 Classic Books (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/100 Classic Games (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/100 Classic Games (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/100 Livres Classiques (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/1000 Bornes - Coups-Fourres et Courses Folles! (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/1000 Cooking Recipes from Elle a Table (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/1001 Crosswords (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/1001 Touch Games (Europe) (En,Fr,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/1001 Touch Games (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/1001 Touch Games (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/1001 Touch Games (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/101 Dino Pets (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/101 in 1 Explosive Megamix (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/101 in 1 Explosive Megamix (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/101 in 1 Sports Megamix (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/101 in 1 Sports Megamix (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/11 Card Games (Europe) (En,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/12 Family Games (Europe) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/123 Sesame Street - Cookie's Counting Carnival - The Videogame (Australia).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/123 Sesame Street - Cookie's Counting Carnival - The Videogame (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/123 Sesame Street - Elmo's A-to-Zoo Adventure - The Videogame (Australia).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/123 Sesame Street - Elmo's A-to-Zoo Adventure - The Videogame (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/123 Sesame Street - Ready, Set, Grover! - With Elmo - The Videogame (USA) (En,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/1500 DS Spirits - Mahjong V (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/1500 DS Spirits - Shougi V (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/1500 DS Spirits Vol. 1 - Mahjong (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/1500 DS Spirits Vol. 10 - Igo (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/1500 DS Spirits Vol. 2 - Shougi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/1500 DS Spirits Vol. 3 - Block Kuzushi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/1500 DS Spirits Vol. 4 - Reversi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/1500 DS Spirits Vol. 5 - Hanafuda (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/1500 DS Spirits Vol. 6 - Trump (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/1500 DS Spirits Vol. 7 - Chess (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/1500 DS Spirits Vol. 8 - Darts (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/1500 DS Spirits Vol. 9 - 2-nin Uchi Mahjong (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/18 Card Games (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/18 Classic Card Games (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/1seg Jushin Adapter - DS Television (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/2 Game Pack - My Amusement Park + Digging for Dinosaurs (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/2 Game Pack! - Monster Trucks Mayhem + ATV - Thunder Ridge Riders (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/2 Games in 1 - Jewel Master - Cradle of Egypt + Mahjongg - Ancient Egypt (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/2 Games on 1 Card - Monster Trucks Mayhem & ATV - Thunder Ridge Riders (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/2 in 1 - Best of Bibi Blocksberg - Neustadt im Hex-Chaos + Das Gestohlene Hexbuch (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/2 in 1 - Best Of Bibi Und Tina - Die Grosse Schnitzeljagd + Das Grosse Unwetter (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/2 in 1 - Mahjong + Mahjong Around the World (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/2 in 1 - Music for Kids + Englisch Macht Spass - Eine Reise nach London! (Europe) (En,De) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/2 in 1 - My Little Baby + My Boyfriend (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/2 in 1 - My Pet Hotel + My Vet Practice - In the Country (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/2 in 1 - My Pet Hotel 2 + My Vet Practice - In the Country (Europe) (Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/2 in 1 - My Pet School + Best Friends - My Horse (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/2 in 1 - My Riding Stables + My Riding Stables - Life with Horses (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/2 in 1 - My Riding Stables + My Western Horse (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/2 in 1 - My Vet Practice + My Pet Hotel 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/2-Pack - Pinkalicious - It's Party Time! & Silverlicious - Sweet Adventure (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/200 Klassische Buecher (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/2006 FIFA World Cup - Germany 2006 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/2006 FIFA World Cup - Germany 2006 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/2006-Nen 10-Gatsu Taikenban Soft (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/3 Game Pack! - Cradle of Rome + Cradle of Athena + Cradle of Egypt (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/3 Game Pack! - Cradle of Rome + Cradle of Athena + Cradle of Egypt (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/3 Game Pack! - Uno & Skip-Bo & Uno Free Fall (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/3 Game Pack! - Uno + Skip-Bo + Uno Free Fall (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/3 in 1 - Animals (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/3 in 1 - Horses (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/3 in 1 - My Horse + My Vet Practice + My Vet Practice in the Country (Europe) (Fr,De,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/3 in 1 - My Riding Stables + My Pet School + My Western Horse (Europe) (Fr,De,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/3 in 1 - My Riding Stables - Life with Horses + My Pet Hotel 2 & + My Pet School (Europe) (Fr,De,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/3 in 1 - My Vet Practice & Riding Star & My Vet Practice in Australia (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/3 in 1 - Solitaire, Mahjong & Tangram (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/4 Elements (Europe) (Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/4 Elements (Europe) (Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/4 Elements (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/4 Game Fun Pack - Monopoly + Boggle + Yahtzee + Battleship (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/4 Game Fun Pack - Monopoly + Boggle + Yahtzee + Battleship (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/4 Game Pack! - Battleship + Connect Four + Sorry! + Trouble (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/4 Game Pack! - Clue + Aggravation + Perfection + Mouse Trap (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/4 in 1 - Meine Tierarztpraxis + Meine Tierpension + Mein Gestuet + Mein Pferd (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/4 Kyouka Perfect Clear DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/4 Kyouka Perfect Clear DS - Eigo Onsei Tsuki (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/42 All-Time Classics (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/42 All-Time Classics (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/5-kyuu kara 1-kyuu Kanzen Taiou Saishin Kako Mondai - Nijishiken Taisaku - Eiken Kanzenban (Japan) (Rev 1) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/5-Nen Kanji Keisan Nigate Hunter DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/50 Classic Games (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/50 Classic Games (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/50 Jeux Incontournables (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/50 More Classic Games (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/7 Wonders - Treasures of Seven (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/7 Wonders - Treasures of Seven (France) (Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/7 Wonders - Treasures of Seven (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/7 Wonders II (Europe) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/7 Wonders II (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/7 Wonders II (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/7 Wonders II (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/7 Wonders of the Ancient World (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/7 Wonders of the Ancient World (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/700 Mannin no Atama o Yokusuru - Chou Keisan DS - 13000 Mon + Image Keisan (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/7th Dragon (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/8BallAllstars (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/99 no Namida (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/A Prendre ou a Laisser - Le Jeu Officiel (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/A Ressha de Ikou DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/A-Max Boxing (Japan) (Proto).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/A-Max Tennis (Japan) (En) (Proto).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ab durch die Hecke (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ace Attorney Investigations - Miles Edgeworth (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ace Attorney Investigations - Miles Edgeworth (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Acekard 2 (World) (Unl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Acekard 2 (World) (v2.1) (Unl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Acekard 2i (World) (Unl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Acekard R.P.G. (World) (Unl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Action Replay DS (World) (v1.00) (Unl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Action Replay DS (World) (v1.02) (Unl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Action Replay DS (World) (v1.54) (Unl) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Actionloop (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Active Health with Carol Vorderman (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Actua Pool (Europe) (En,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Actua Pool (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Addy - Do You Speak English (Europe) (Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Addy Junior - Mein Koerper (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Adi l'Entraineur - Mathematiques, Francais 6e & 5e (France) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Adi l'Entraineur - Mathematiques, Francais CE1-CE2 (France) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Adi l'Entraineur - Mathematiques, Francais CM1-CM2 (France) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Adi l'Entraineur - Objectif Anglais (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Adibou - Je Joue a Lire et a Compter (France) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Adibou - Je Joue avec les Lettres et les Nombres (France) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Adibou Aventure - J'Explore le Corps Humain (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Advance Wars - Dark Conflict (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Advance Wars - Days of Ruin (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Advance Wars - Days of Ruin (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Advance Wars - Dual Strike (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Advance Wars - Dual Strike (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Adventure Time - Hey Ice King! Why'd You Steal Our Garbage!! (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Adventures of Pinocchio (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Affari Tuoi (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/AFL Mascot Manor (Australia).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Again - FBI Chou Shinri Sousakan (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Again - Interactive Crime Novel (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Agatha Christie - The ABC Murders (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Agatha Christie - The ABC Murders (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Agatha Christie - The ABC Murders (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Age of Empires - Mythologies (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Age of Empires - Mythologies (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Age of Empires - The Age of Kings (Europe) (En,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Age of Empires - The Age of Kings (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Age of Empires - The Age of Kings (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Aibou DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Air Traffic Chaos (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Akachan wa Doko kara Kuru no (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Akagawa Jirou Mystery - Tsuki no Hikari - Shizumeru Kane no Satsujin (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Akagawa Jirou Mystery - Yasoukyoku - Hon ni Manekareta Satsujin (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Akai Ito Destiny DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Akai Ito DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Akko de Pon! - Ikasama Hourouki (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Akko ni Omakase! - Brain Shock (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Akogare Girls Collection - Lovely Youchien Nikki (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Akogare Girls Collection - Mister Donut DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Akogare Girls Collection - Ohanaya-san Monogatari (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Akogare Girls Collection - Pika Pika Nurse Monogatari (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Akogare Girls Collection - Suteki ni Nurse Days (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Akumajou Dracula - Gallery of Labyrinth (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Akumajou Dracula - Gallery of Labyrinth (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Akumajou Dracula - Sougetsu no Juujika (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Akumajou Dracula - Ubawareta Kokuin (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/ALC no 10-punkan Eigo Master - Chuukyuu (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/ALC no 10-punkan Eigo Master - Chuukyuu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/ALC no 10-punkan Eigo Master - Joukyuu (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/ALC no 10-punkan Eigo Master - Shokyuu (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/ALC no 10-punkan Eigo Master - Shokyuu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Alex Rider - Stormbreaker (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Alex Rider - Stormbreaker (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Alex Rider - Stormbreaker (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Alice in Wonderland (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Alice in Wonderland (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Aliens - Infestation (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Aliens - Infestation (USA) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Aliens in the Attic (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Aliens in the Attic (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/All Kamen Rider - Rider Generation (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/All Kamen Rider - Rider Generation 2 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/All Star Cheer Squad (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/All Star Cheerleader (Europe) (En,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/All Star Cheerleader (Europe) (Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Allez Raconte (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Allied Ace Pilots (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Alpha and Omega (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Alpha and Omega (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Alssongdalssong - Myeonghwatamheom DS (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Alvin and the Chipmunks (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Alvin and the Chipmunks (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Alvin and the Chipmunks - Chipwrecked (Europe) (Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Alvin and the Chipmunks - Chipwrecked (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Alvin and the Chipmunks - Chipwrecked (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Alvin and the Chipmunks - The Squeakquel (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Alvin and the Chipmunks - The Squeakquel (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Aly & AJ Adventure, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Aly & AJ Adventure, The (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Amazing Adventures - The Forgotten Ruins (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Amazing Adventures - The Forgotten Ruins (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Amazing Spider-Man, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Amazing Spider-Man, The (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/America's Next Top Model (Europe) (En,Fr,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/America's Next Top Model (Europe) (En,Fr,Es,It,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/America's Next Top Model (Germany) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/America's Next Top Model (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/America's Test Kitchen - Let's Get Cooking (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/America's Test Kitchen - Let's Get Cooking (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/American Dragon - Jake Long (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/American Dragon - Jake Long - Attack of the Dark Dragon (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/American Girl - Julie Finds a Way (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/American Girl - Kit Mystery Challenge! (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/AMF Bowling Pinbusters! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/AMF Bowling Pinbusters! (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Amici (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/An M. Night Shyamalan Film - The Last Airbender (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/An M. Night Shyamalan Film - The Last Airbender (USA) (En,Fr) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/ANA Original - Gotouchi Kentei DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Anan Kanshuu - Onna Dikara Kinkyuu Up! DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Anata Dake no Private Lesson - DS de Hajimeru Tipness no Yoga (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Anata mo DS de Classic Kiite Mimasenka (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ancient Spirits - Columbus' Legacy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Angel Cat Sugar (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Angel Cat Sugar (Europe) (Sv,No,Da,Fi) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Angelique Duet (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Animal Boxing (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Animal Genius (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Animal Genius (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Animal Kororo (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Animal Life - Africa (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Animal Life - Australia (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Animal Life - Dinosaurs (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Animal Life - Eurasia (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Animal Life - North America (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Animal Paradise (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Animal Paradise (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Animal Paradise - Wild (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Animal Planet - Emergency Vets (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Animal Planet - Emergency Vets (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Animal Planet - Vet Collection (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Animal Planet - Vet Life (Europe) (En,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Animal Planet - Vet Life (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Animal World - Big Cats (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Animal World - Dinosaurs (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Animaniacs - Lights, Camera, Action! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Animaniacs - Lights, Camera, Action! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Animates! (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ankh - Curse of the Scarab King (Europe) (En,Es,It,Nl,Pl,Ru).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ankh - Der Fluch des Skarabaeenkoenigs (Germany) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ankh - La Malediction du Roi Scarabee (France) (En,Fr) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Anky's Ruiterschool (Europe) (Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Anna & die Liebe (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Annie M.G. Schmidt's Pluk van de Petteflet (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Annie no Atelier - Sera-tou no Renkinjutsushi (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Anno - Create a New World (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Anno 1701 - Dawn of Discovery (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Anno 1701 - Dawn of Discovery (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Annyeong! Haemtori - Haemtoriwa BanggaBangga Chingudeul (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Anone DS (Japan) (NDSi Enhanced) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Another Code - Futatsu no Kioku (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Another Code - Two Memories (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Another Time, Another Leaf - Kagami no Naka no Tantei (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Anpanman to Asobo - ABC Kyoushitsu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Anpanman to Asobo - Aiueo Kyoushitsu (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Anpanman to Asobo - Aiueo Kyoushitsu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Anpanman to Asobo - Aiueo Kyoushitsu DX (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Anpanman to Asobo - Aiueo Kyoushitsu DX (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Anpanman to Touch de Waku Waku Training (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ant Nation (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ant Nation (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Aodon DS - Hanabi no Kiwami & Hanabi no Takumi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Apassionata - Die Galanacht der Pferde - Meine Show (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Apathy - Narukami Gakuen Toshi Densetsu Tantei Kyoku (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ape Maia, L' (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Apollo Justice - Ace Attorney (Europe) (Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Apollo Justice - Ace Attorney (Europe) (Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Apollo Justice - Ace Attorney (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Apollo Justice - Ace Attorney (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Appare! Shougi Jiisan - Washi to Shoubu ja (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Apprends avec Pokemon A la Conquete du Clavier (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Aprende Con Pokemon - Aventura Entre Las Teclas (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Aqua Panic! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Aqua Panic! (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Aquarium by DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Aquarium by DS (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Arabians Lost - The Engagement on Desert (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Aranuri - Badachingudeulkkwa hamkke Mandeuneun Sesang (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Arashi no Yoru ni (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Arashi no Yoru ni (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Arasuji de Kitaeru - Hayamimi no Susume DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Arasuji de Oboeru Sokudoku no Susume DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Arceus Distribution 2009 (USA) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Arceus Distribution 2010 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Archime DS (Japan) (En,Ja).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Arctic Tale (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Arctic Tale (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Are You Smarter than a 10 Year Old - The Official Nintendo DS Game (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Are You Smarter than a 5th Grader (Australia).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Are You Smarter than a 5th Grader (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Are You Smarter than a 5th Grader - Back to School (USA) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Are You Smarter than a 5th Grader - Game Time (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Are You Smarter than a 5th Grader - Make the Grade (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Arkanoid DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Arkanoid DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Arkanoid DS (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Army Men - Soldiers of Misfortune (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Army Men - Soldiers of Misfortune (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Around the World in 80 Days & Fishdom (Germany) (Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Around the World in 80 Days (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Around the World in 80 Days (Europe) (En,Fr,Nl) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Around the World in 80 Days (Europe) (En,Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Art - Das Kunstmagazin Puzzle - Echter Puzzlespass fuer Unterwegs (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Art Academy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Art Academy (USA) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Art of Murder - FBI Top Secret (Europe) (Fr,De) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Arthur and the Invisibles - The Game (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Arthur and the Minimoys (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Arthur and the Revenge of Maltazard (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Aruite Wakaru - Seikatsu Rhythm DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/ASH - Archaic Sealed Heat (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ash's PIKACHU! Distribution 2011 (USA) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Asoberu Eigo - Word Magic DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Asonde Igo ga Sarani Tsuyoku Naru! - Ginsei Igo DS - Chuukyuu Hen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Asonde Igo ga Tsuyoku Naru! - Ginsei Igo DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Asonde Shougi ga Tsuyoku Naru! - Ginsei Shougi DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Asphalt - Urban GT (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Asphalt - Urban GT (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Asphalt - Urban GT (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Asphalt - Urban GT 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Asphalt - Urban GT 2 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Assassin's Creed - Altair's Chronicles (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Assassin's Creed - Altair's Chronicles (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Assassin's Creed II - Discovery (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Assassin's Creed II - Discovery (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Asterix & Obelix XXL 2 - Mission Wifix (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Asterix - Brain Trainer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Asterix - These Romans Are Crazy! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Asterix at the Olympic Games (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Astro Boy - The Video Game (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Astro Boy - The Video Game (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Astro Invaders (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Astrology (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Astrology DS - The Stars in Your Hands (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Atama de Do! Kotencotenco (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Atama no Kaiten no Training - Rubik's Cube & Chou Yuumei Puzzle-tachi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Atama o Kitaete Asobu Taisen Yajirushi Puzzle - Puppynu Vector One (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Atari Greatest Hits - Volume 1 (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Atari Greatest Hits - Volume 1 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Atari Greatest Hits - Volume 2 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Atarimix - Happy 10 Games (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Atelier Annie - Alchemists of Sera Island (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Atlantic Quest (Europe) (Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Atlantic Quest + Galactic Quest (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Atsumare! Power Pro Kun no DS Koushien (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Atsumare! Power Pro Kun no DS Koushien (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Atsumete! Kirby (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/ATV Quad Frenzy (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/ATV Quad Frenzy (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/ATV Quad Kings (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/ATV Quad Kings (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/ATV Wild Ride (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Au Pays des PooYoos - Activites d'Eveil (France) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Auto Escuela - Aprueba Conmigo (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Autoescuela Trainer (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Avalon Code (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Avalon Code (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Avalon Code (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Avatar - Der Herr der Elemente - Die Erde Brennt (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Avatar - The Last Airbender (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Avatar - The Last Airbender - Into the Inferno (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Avatar - The Last Airbender - The Burning Earth (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Avatar - The Legend of Aang (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Avatar - The Legend of Aang (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Avatar - The Legend of Aang - Into the Inferno (Europe) (En,De,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Avatar - The Legend of Aang - The Burning Earth (Europe) (Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Avatar - The Legend of Aang - The Burning Earth (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Aventures de May, Les - L'Etrange Disparition (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Aventures de T'choupi a l'Ecole, Les (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Awa Tama (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Away - Shuffle Dungeon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Away - Shuffle Dungeon (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Away - Shuffle Dungeon (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/B Team - Metal Cartoon Squad (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/B-17 - Fortress in the Sky (Europe) (En,Fr,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/B-17 - Fortress in the Sky (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/B. Sokal Syberia (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Baby Fashion Star (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Baby Life (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Baby Life (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Baby Pals (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Baby Pals (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Baby Wild Katzen (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Babysitting Mania (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Babysitting Mania (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bachelor, The - The Videogame (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Back at the Barnyard - Barnyard Games (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Back at the Barnyard - Slop Bucket Games (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Backgammon (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Backyard Baseball '09 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Backyard Baseball '10 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Backyard Basketball (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Backyard Football '09 (USA) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Backyard Football (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Backyard Hockey (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Backyard Sports - Rookie Rush (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Backyard Sports - Sandlot Sluggers (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Backyardigans, The (Europe) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Backyardigans, The (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bae Yong-Joon to Manabu Kankokugo DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bae Yong-Joon to Manabu Kankokugo DS - Date-Hen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bae Yong-Joon to Manabu Kankokugo DS - Test-Hen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Baerenbabys (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bakugan - Battle Brawlers (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv) (B6RP).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bakugan - Battle Brawlers (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv) (Toys'R'Us).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bakugan - Battle Brawlers (USA) (En,Fr) (Toys'R'Us Edition!).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bakugan - Battle Brawlers (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bakugan - Battle Brawlers - Battle Trainer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bakugan - Battle Brawlers - Battle Trainer (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bakugan - Defenders of the Core (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bakugan - Defenders of the Core (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bakugan - Rise of the Resistance (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bakugan - Rise of the Resistance (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bakugan Battle Brawlers DS - Defender of the Core (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bakuman. - Mangaka e no Michi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bakumatsu Renka Shinsengumi DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bakushow - Challenge Your Friends! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bakusou Dekotora Densetsu Black (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ballerina (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Balloon Pop (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Balls of Fury (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Balls of Fury (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Band Hero (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Band Hero (USA) (En,Fr) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Band Hero (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bandz Mania (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bangai-O Spirits (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bangai-O Spirits (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bangai-O Spirits (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Banushi Life Game - Winner's Circle (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Barbie - Groom and Glam Pups (Brazil) (En,Es,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Barbie - Groom and Glam Pups (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Barbie - Groom and Glam Pups (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Barbie - Jet, Set & Style! (Europe) (De,Es,It) (VMZP) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Barbie - Jet, Set & Style! (Europe) (De,Es,It) (VMZX) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Barbie - Jet, Set & Style! (Europe) (En,Fr,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Barbie - Jet, Set & Style! (USA) (En,Fr) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Barbie and the Three Musketeers (Europe) (De,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Barbie and the Three Musketeers (Europe) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Barbie and the Three Musketeers (Europe) (Es,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Barbie and the Three Musketeers (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Barbie as the Island Princess (Europe) (Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Barbie as the Island Princess (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Barbie as the Island Princess (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Barbie Dreamhouse Party (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Barbie Dreamhouse Party (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Barbie Fashion Show - An Eye for Style (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Barbie Fashion Show - An Eye for Style (Europe) (Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Barbie Fashion Show - An Eye for Style (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Barbie Horse Adventures - Riding Camp (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Barbie Horse Adventures - Riding Camp (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Barbie in the 12 Dancing Princesses (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Barbie in the 12 Dancing Princesses (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Barnyard - Verrueckte Bauernhof-Spiele (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Barnyard Blast - Swine of the Night (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Barnyard Blast - Swine of the Night (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bartender DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bastian Sick Der Dativ Ist dem Genitiv Sein Tod (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Batman - The Brave and the Bold - The Videogame (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Batman - The Brave and the Bold - The Videogame (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Battle & Get! - Pokemon Typing DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Battle of Giants - Dinosaurs (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Battle of Giants - Dragons (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Battle of Giants - Mutant Insects (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Battle Spirits Digital Starter (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Battles of Prince of Persia (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Battles of Prince of Persia (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Battleship (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Battleship (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bauernhof, Der (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Beach de Reach! DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Beastly - Frantic Foto (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Beat City (Europe) (En,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Beat City (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Beat the Intro (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Beauty Academy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Beauty Salon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bee Game, The (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bee Movie - Das Game (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bee Movie - Le Jeu (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bee Movie Game (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bee Movie Game (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bee Movie Game (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bee Movie Game (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bee Movie Game (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Beetle Junior DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Beetle King (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bejeweled 3 (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bejeweled 3 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bejeweled Twist (Australia) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bejeweled Twist (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (VBTP) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bejeweled Twist (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (VBTX) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bejeweled Twist (USA) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bella Sara (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bella Sara (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ben 10 - Alien Force (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ben 10 - Alien Force (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ben 10 - Alien Force - Vilgax Attacks (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ben 10 - Alien Force - Vilgax Attacks (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ben 10 - Galactic Racing (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ben 10 - Galactic Racing (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ben 10 - Omniverse (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ben 10 - Omniverse (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ben 10 - Protector of Earth (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ben 10 - Protector of Earth (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ben 10 - Protector of Earth (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ben 10 - Triple Pack (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ben 10 - Ultimate Alien - Cosmic Destruction (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ben 10 - Ultimate Alien - Cosmic Destruction (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ben 10 Triple Pack (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Benjamin Bluemchen - Ein Tag im Zoo (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Benoit Sokal Last King of Africa (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Berlitz - My English Coach (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bermuda Triangle (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bermuda Triangle - Saving the Coral (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bescherelle Pratique, Le (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Besser Essen - Leben Leicht Gemacht (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Best Buy Nintendo Zone Beacon (USA) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Best Friends - Hunde & Katzen (Germany) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Best Friends - Mijn Honden en Katten (Netherlands) (En,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Best Friends - My Horse (Europe) (En,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Best Friends Tonight (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Best of Arcade Games DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Best of Board Games DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Best of Card Games DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Best of Tests DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Best of Tests DS (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Betty Boop's Double Shift (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Betty Boop's Double Shift (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Beyblade - Metal Fusion (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Collector's Edition).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Beyblade - Metal Fusion (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (ToysRus Exclusive).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Beyblade - Metal Fusion (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Walmart Exclusive).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Beyblade - Metal Fusion (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Beyblade - Metal Masters (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Best Buy Exclusive).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Beyblade - Metal Masters (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Collector's Edition).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Beyblade - Metal Masters (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Target Exclusive).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Beyblade - Metal Masters (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (ToysRus Exclusive).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Beyblade - Metal Masters (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Beyblade - Metal Masters - Nightmare Rex (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Beyblade Metal Fusion - Cyber Pegasus (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/BFF TV (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bibi & Tina - Das Grosse Unwetter (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bibi & Tina - Die Grosse Schnitzeljagd (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bibi & Tina - Jump & Ride (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bibi Blocksberg - Das Gestohlene Hexbuch (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bibi Blocksberg - Der Verhexte Schloss-Schatz (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bibi Blocksberg - Grundschule Mathematik - Klasse 1 bis 4 (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bibi Blocksberg - Neustadt im Hex-Chaos (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bibliothek der Klassischen Buecher (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Biene Maja, Die - Klatschmohnwiese in Gefahr (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bienvenue Chez les Ch'tis - Le Jeu (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Big Bang Mini (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Big Bang Mini (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Big Brain Academy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Big Brain Academy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Big Brain Academy (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Big Brain Academy (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Big Catch - Bass Fishing (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Big Deal, The (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Big League Sports - Summer (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Big Mutha Truckers (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Big Mutha Truckers (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Big Time Rush - Backstage Pass (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Big Word Puzzle Book (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bigfoot - Collision Course (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bigfoot - Collision Course (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Biggest Loser USA, The (Europe) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Biggest Loser, The (USA) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bigs 2, The (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Biker Mice from Mars (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Biker Mice from Mars (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bikkuriman Daijiten (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Billiard Action (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Biohazard - Deadly Silence (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bionicle Heroes (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bionicle Heroes (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bionicle Heroes (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bisanggu - Exit DS (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Biz Nouryoku DS Series - Miryoku Kaikaku (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Biz Nouryoku DS Series - Wagokoro no Moto (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Biz Taiken DS Series - Kigyoudou - Inshoku (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Black Cat - Kuroneko no Concerto (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Black Jack - Hi no Tori Hen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Black Sigil - Blade of the Exiled (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Blades of Thunder II (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Blazer Drive (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bleach - Dark Souls (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bleach - Dark Souls (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bleach - The 3rd Phantom (Europe) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bleach - The 3rd Phantom (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bleach - The 3rd Phantom (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bleach - The Blade of Fate (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bleach - The Blade of Fate (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bleach DS - Souten ni Kakeru Unmei (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bleach DS 2nd - Kokui Hirameku Requiem (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bleach DS 4th - Flame Bringer (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Blood Bowl (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Blood of Bahamut (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Blue Dragon - Awakened Shadow (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Blue Dragon - Awakened Shadow (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Blue Dragon - Awakened Shadow (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Blue Dragon - Awakened Shadow (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Blue Dragon - Awakened Shadow (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Blue Dragon - Awakened Shadow (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Blue Dragon - Ikai no Kyojuu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Blue Dragon Plus (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Blue Dragon Plus (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Blue Dragon Plus (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Blumen & Muster Puzzle - Echter Puzzlespass fuer Unterwegs (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bob Esponja - Atrapados en el Congelador (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bob the Builder - Festival of Fun (Europe) (En,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bob the Builder - Festival of Fun (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bob the Builder - Festival of Fun (Europe) (En,Pt,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Boing! Docomodake DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Boing! Docomodake DS (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Boku to Sim no Machi - Agent - Nazo no Kaitou kara Hihou o Mamore Daisakusen! (Japan) (En,Ja).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Boku to Sim no Machi - Kingdom (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Boku to Sim no Machi - Party (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Boku to Sim no Machi - Racing (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Boku to Sim no Machi - Resort ni Genki o Torimodosou! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Boku wa Koukuu Kanseikan DS - Air Traffic Controller (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bokujou Monogatari - Colobockle Station (Japan) (Rev 2).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bokujou Monogatari - Colobockle Station (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bokujou Monogatari - Colobockle Station for Girl (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bokujou Monogatari - Futago no Mura (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bokujou Monogatari - Kimi to Sodatsu Shima (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bokujou Monogatari - KiraKira Taiyou to Nakama-tachi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bokujou Monogatari - Youkoso! Kaze no Bazaar e (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bokura no Taiyou - Django & Sabata (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bokura no Taiyou - Django & Sabata (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bokura no Television Game Kentei - Pikotto! Udedameshi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bokura wa Kaseki Horider (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bolt (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bolt (Europe) (En,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bolt (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bolt (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bolt (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bolt - Be-Awesome Edition (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bomber Man (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bomber Man (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bomber Man Story DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bomberman (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bomberman (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bomberman 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bomberman Land Touch! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bomberman Land Touch! (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bomberman Land Touch! 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bomberman Land Touch! 2 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bomberman Story DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Boogie (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Boogie (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bookworm (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bookworm (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Boshi Techou DS with 'Akachan Massage' (Japan) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Boshi Techou DS with 'Akachan Massage' (Japan) (Rev 1) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bouken-ou Beet - Vandel vs. Busters (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Boulder Dash - Rocks! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Boule & Bill - Vive les Vacances! (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Brain Age - Train Your Brain in Minutes a Day! (USA) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Brain Age - Train Your Brain in Minutes a Day! (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Brain Age 2 - More Training in Minutes a Day! (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Brain Age 2 - More Training in Minutes a Day! (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Brain Assist (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Brain Assist (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Brain Boost - Beta Wave (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Brain Boost - Gamma Wave (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Brain Buster - Puzzle Pak (Europe) (En,Fr,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Brain Buster - Puzzle Pak (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Brain Challenge (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Brain Challenge (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Brain Quest - Grades 3 & 4 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Brain Quest - Grades 5 & 6 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Brain Voyage (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Brainstorm Series - Treasure Chase (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Brainstorm Series - Word Up (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bratz - 4 Real (Europe) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bratz - 4 Real (Europe) (Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bratz - 4 Real (Europe) (Sv,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bratz - 4 Real (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bratz - 4 Real (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bratz - Fashion Boutique (USA) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bratz - Forever Diamondz (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bratz - Forever Diamondz (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bratz - Forever Diamondz (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bratz - Forever Diamondz (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bratz - Forever Diamondz (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bratz - Forever Diamondz (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bratz - Girlz Really Rock (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bratz - Girlz Really Rock (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bratz - Super Babyz (Europe) (De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bratz - Super Babyz (Europe) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bratz - Super Babyz (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bratz Kidz - Party (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bratz Kidz - Slumber Party (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bratz Ponyz (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bratz Ponyz (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bratz Ponyz 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bratz Ponyz 2 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Brave (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Brave (Europe) (En,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Brave (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Brave Story - Boku no Kioku to Negai (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bravissi-Mots (France) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Break 'em All (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Breath - Toiki wa Akaneiro (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Brick 'em All DS (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Brickdown - Block Kuzushi no France Kakumei Yaa! (Japan) (En,Ja).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Brico Utile (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bridge Training (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Brigitte - ErnaehrungsCoach (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Broken Sword - Shadow of the Templars - The Director's Cut (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Broken Sword - Shadow of the Templars - The Director's Cut (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Brothers in Arms DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Brothers in Arms DS (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bubble Bobble - Double Shot (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bubble Bobble - Double Shot (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bubble Bobble DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bubble Bobble Revolution (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bubble Bobble Revolution (USA) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bubble Bobble Revolution (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bubble Guppies (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bubble Guppies (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Buffy the Vampire Slayer - Sacrifice (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Build-A-Bear Workshop - Ou Se Font les Meilleurs Amis (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Build-A-Bear Workshop - Welcome to Hugsville (Europe) (En,Fr,Es,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Build-A-Bear Workshop - Welcome to Hugsville (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Build-A-Bear Workshop - Where Best Friends Are Made (Europe) (En,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Build-A-Bear Workshop - Where Best Friends Are Made (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Build-a-Lot (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Build-a-Lot (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bunnyz (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Burger Bot (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Burger Island (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Burnout Legends (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Burnout Legends (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Business Ryoku Kentei DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bust-A-Move DS (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Bust-A-Move DS (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Busy Scissors (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Busy Scissors (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Byeorui Kirby - Dopang Ildangui Seupgyeok (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Byoutai Seiri DS - Image Dekiru! Shikkan, Shoujou to Care (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/C'Est Pas Sorcier - Les Fabuleux Defis de Fred & Jamy (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/C.O.P. - The Recruit (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/C.O.P. - The Recruit (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/C.O.R.E. (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cabela's Dangerous Hunts 2011 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cahier de Vacances pour Adultes (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cahier de Vacances pour Adultes 2 (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cake Mania (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cake Mania (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cake Mania - Main Street (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cake Mania 2 - Jill's Next Adventure! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cake Mania 2 - Jill's Next Adventure! (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cake Mania 3 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Call of Atlantis (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Call of Atlantis (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Call of Duty - Black Ops (Canada).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Call of Duty - Black Ops (Europe) (Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Call of Duty - Black Ops (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Call of Duty - Black Ops (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Call of Duty - Black Ops (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Call of Duty - Black Ops (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Call of Duty - Modern Warfare - Mobilized (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Call of Duty - Modern Warfare - Mobilized (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Call of Duty - Modern Warfare - Mobilized (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Call of Duty - Modern Warfare - Mobilized (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Call of Duty - Modern Warfare - Mobilized (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Call of Duty - Modern Warfare - Mobilized (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Call of Duty - Modern Warfare 3 - Defiance (Europe) (Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Call of Duty - Modern Warfare 3 - Defiance (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Call of Duty - Modern Warfare 3 - Defiance (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Call of Duty - Modern Warfare 3 - Defiance (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Call of Duty - Modern Warfare 3 - Defiance (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Call of Duty - World at War (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Call of Duty - World at War (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Call of Duty - World at War (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Call of Duty 4 - Modern Warfare (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Call of Duty 4 - Modern Warfare (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Call of Duty 4 - Modern Warfare (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Call of Duty 4 - Modern Warfare (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Call of Duty 4 - Modern Warfare (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Call of Duty 4 - Modern Warfare (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Call of Duty 4 - Modern Warfare (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Call of Duty 4 - Modern Warfare (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Calvin Tucker's Redneck - Farm Animal Racing Tournament (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Camp Rock - The Final Jam (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Camp Rock - The Final Jam (Europe) (En,Sv,No,Da) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Camp Rock - The Final Jam (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Camping Mama + Papa (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Camping Mama - Outdoor Adventures (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Candace Kane's Candy Factory (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Captain America - Super Soldier (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Captain America - Super Soldier (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Captain Morgane and the Golden Turtle (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Captain Sabertooth and the Trials by Fire (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Captain Tsubasa - Gekitou no Kiseki (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Captain Tsubasa - New Kick Off (Europe) (Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Carcassonne (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Card de Asobu! Hajimete no DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Card Game 9 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Card Games - The Classics (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Carl Jiisan no Soratobu Ie (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Carnival Games (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Carnival Games (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Carnival Games (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Carnival Games (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cars (Europe) (Es,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cars (Europe) (Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cars (Europe) (Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cars (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cars (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cars (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cars (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cars - Hook International (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cars - La Copa Internacional de Mate (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cars - La Coppa Internazionale di Carl Attrezzi (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cars - Mater-National Championship (Europe) (En,Sv,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cars - Mater-National Championship (Europe) (Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cars - Mater-National Championship (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cars - Motori Ruggenti (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cars - Race-O-Rama (Europe) (En,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cars - Race-O-Rama (Europe) (Fr,De) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cars - Race-O-Rama (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cars 2 (Europe) (En,Es) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cars 2 (Europe) (En,Sv,Fi) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cars 2 (Europe) (Fr,De,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cars 2 (Europe) (Fr,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cars 2 (Europe) (Sv,No,Da) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cars 2 (Japan) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cars 2 (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Carte au Tresor, La - Le Jeu Video Officiel (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cartoon Network Racing (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cartoon Network Racing (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cartridge Construction Kit (World) (v1.22) (Unl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Casper's Scare School - Classroom Capers (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Casper's Scare School - Classroom Capers (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Casper's Scare School - Spooky Sports Day (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Casper's Scare School - Spooky Sports Day (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Castlevania - Dawn of Sorrow (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Castlevania - Dawn of Sorrow (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Castlevania - Dawn of Sorrow (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Castlevania - Order of Ecclesia (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Castlevania - Order of Ecclesia (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Castlevania - Order of Ecclesia (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Castlevania - Portrait of Ruin (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Castlevania - Portrait of Ruin (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Casual Classics (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Casual Classics (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Casual Mania (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Casual Mania (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Catan (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Catch! Touch! Yoshi! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cate West - The Vanishing Files (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cate West - The Vanishing Files (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cats & Dogs - The Revenge of Kitty Galore (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cats & Dogs - The Revenge of Kitty Galore - The Videogame (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Catz (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Catz (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Catz (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Catz 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Catz 2 - Daisuki Nyan Nyan Park (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cavallo & Pony - La Scuola di Equitazione (Europe) (Fr,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cedric - L'Anniversaire de Chen (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Celebi Distribution 2011 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Celebi Distribution 2011 (USA) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Center Shiken - Eigo Listening - Sokushuu DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cesar Millan's Dog Whisperer (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chainz Galaxy (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chajara! Gaeguri Jungsa Keroro - Teullingeurimchatgi Daejakjeon! (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Challenge Me - Brain Puzzles (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Challenge Me - Brain Puzzles (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Challenge Me - Brain Puzzles 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Challenge Me - Brain Puzzles 2 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Challenge Me - Math Workout (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Challenge Me - Maths Workout (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Challenge Me - Word Puzzles (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Challenge Me - Word Puzzles (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Challenge Me Kids - Brain Games (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chameleon - To Dye For! (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Championship Pony (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chaotic - Shadow Warriors (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chara-Chenko (Japan) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Charlotte's Web (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Charlotte's Web (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Charm Girls Club - My Fashion Mall (Europe) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Charm Girls Club - My Fashion Mall (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Charm Girls Club - My Fashion Show (Europe) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Charm Girls Club - My Fashion Show (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Charm Girls Club - My Perfect Prom (Europe) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Charm Girls Club - My Perfect Prom (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Charm Girls Club - Watashi no Fashion Mall (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Charm Girls Club - Watashi no Fashion Show (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chase, The - Felix Meets Felicity (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chase, The - Felix Meets Felicity (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cheer We Go (USA) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cheetah Girls, The - Passport to Stardom (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cheetah Girls, The - Pop Star Sensations (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chess (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chess for Kids (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chessmaster - The Art of Learning (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chessmaster - The Art of Learning (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chevrolet Camaro - Wild Ride (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chi's Sweet Home - Chi ga Ouchi ni Yatte Kita (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chibi Maruko-chan DS - Maru-chan no Machi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chibi-Robo! - Park Patrol (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chicken Attack DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chicken Blaster (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chicken Blaster (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chicken Hunter (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chicken Little - Ace in Action (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chicken Little - Ace in Action (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chicken Little - Uchuu Saikyou no Team (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chicken Shoot (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chicken Shoot (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chiffres et des Lettres, Des - L'Entrainement Cerebral Maximum! (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chikyuu no Arukikata DS - France '07-'08 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chikyuu no Arukikata DS - Hawaii '07-'08 - Oahu-tou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chikyuu no Arukikata DS - Hong Kong '07-'08 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chikyuu no Arukikata DS - Igirisu '07-'08 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chikyuu no Arukikata DS - Italia '07-'08 - Roma, Milano, Firenze, Venezia (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chikyuu no Arukikata DS - New York '07-'08 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chikyuu no Arukikata DS - Seoul, Busan '07-'08 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chikyuu no Arukikata DS - Shanghai, Hangzhou, Suzhou '07-'08 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chikyuu no Arukikata DS - Taiwan '07-'08 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chikyuu no Arukikata DS - Thai '07-'08 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Children of Mana (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Children of Mana (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chishiki-ou Series - Train Master (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cho Geukjangpan Gaeguri Jungsa Keroro the Movie - Cheongongdaemoheom (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cho Geukjangpan Gaeguri Jungsa Keroro the Movie - Dragon Warriors (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chocobo to Mahou no Ehon (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chocobo to Mahou no Ehon - Majo to Shoujo to 5-nin no Yuusha (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chocoken no Dekitate Sweets Wagon (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chocoken no Omise - Patissier & Sweets Shop Game (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chocoken no Sweets Department - Patissier Ikusei Simulation Game (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chocolatier (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chokkan Hitofude (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chokkan! Asonde Rilakkuma (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chotto Aima no Colpile DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chou Gekijouban Keroro Gunsou - Enshuu Da yo! - Zenin Shuugou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chou Gekijouban Keroro Gunsou - Gekishin Dragon Warriors de Arimasu! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chou Gekijouban Keroro Gunsou 3 - Tenkuu Daibouken de Arimasu! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chou Kantan - Boki Nyuumon DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chou Kaseki Monster Battle - Gekitotsu Galaxy (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chou Meisaku Suiri Adventure DS - Raymond Chandler Gensaku - Saraba Itoshiki Hito yo (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chou Nekketsu Koukou Kunio-kun - Dodgeball-bu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chou Shittou Caduceus (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chou Shittou Caduceus (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chou Soujuu Mecha MG (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chou!! Nep League DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Choyeolhyeolgogyo Kunio-gun Pigubu (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Christiane Stengers Gedaechtnis-Coach (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Christmas Carol, A (Europe) (En,Fr,Es,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Christmas Carol, A (Europe) (Fr,De,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Christmas Carol, A (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chronicles of Mystery - Curse of the Ancient Temple (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chronicles of Mystery - Curse of the Ancient Temple (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It,Nl) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chronicles of Mystery - Curse of the Ancient Temple (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chronicles of Mystery - The Secret Tree of Life (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chronicles of Mystery - The Secret Tree of Life (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chronicles of Narnia, The - Prince Caspian (Europe) (En,De,It,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chronicles of Narnia, The - Prince Caspian (Europe) (En,Fr,Es,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chronicles of Narnia, The - Prince Caspian (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chronicles of Narnia, The - Prince Caspian (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chronicles of Narnia, The - The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (Europe) (En,De,Sv,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chronicles of Narnia, The - The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (Europe) (En,Fr,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chronicles of Narnia, The - The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (USA) (En,Fr,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chrono Trigger (Europe) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chrono Trigger (Japan) (En,Ja).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chrono Trigger (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chronos Twin (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chrysler Classic Racing (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chrysler Classic Racing (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chubaw Desu yo! - Kyoshou Recipe Shuu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chuck E. Cheese's Gameroom (USA) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chuck E. Cheese's Party Games (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chuck E. Cheese's Playhouse (USA) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chuldong! Rescue Force DS (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chungjeon! Hanguginui Sangsingnyeok DS (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chuugaku Eitango Target 1800 DS (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chuugaku Eitango Target 1800 DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chuugaku Junbi - 5 Kyouka Kanpeki DS (Japan) (TACJ).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chuugaku Junbi - 5 Kyouka Kanpeki DS (Japan) (TCJJ).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chuukana Janshi Tenho Painyan Remix (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ciao Dream Touch! - Happy Anniversary (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cid to Chocobo no Fushigi na Dungeon - Toki Wasure no Meikyuu DS+ (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cinnamoroll - Cinnamon Ball - Kurukuru Sweets Paradise (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cinnamoroll - Ohanashi Shiyo! - Kira Kira de Kore Cafe (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/City Life DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Clash King V201 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Classic Action - Devilish (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Classic Games - The Premium Selection (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Classic Games - The Premium Selection (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Classic Word Games (Europe) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Classic Word Games (USA) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Claymore - Gingan no Majo (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Clever Kids - Creepy Crawlies (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Clever Kids - Dino Land (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Clever Kids - Farmyard Fun (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Clever Kids - Pirates (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Clever Kids - Pony World (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Clever! - Das Spiel, das Wissen Schafft (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Clique, The - Diss and Make Up (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Clique, The - Queen Teen (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Club Penguin - Cuerpo de Pinguinos de Elite (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Club Penguin - Elite Penguin Force (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Club Penguin - Elite Penguin Force (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Club Penguin - Elite Penguin Force (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 2).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Club Penguin - Elite Penguin Force (USA) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Club Penguin - Elite Penguin Force (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Club Penguin - EPF - Herbert's Revenge (Europe) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Club Penguin - EPF - Herbert's Revenge (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Club Penguin - Force d'Elite (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Clubhouse Games (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Clubhouse Games (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/CNAE Aprende con Nosotros - Driver's Ed (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cocina Conmigo! - Que Preparamos Hoy (Spain) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cocina Conmigo! - Que Preparamos Hoy (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cocoro no Cocoron (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cocoto - Kart Racer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Beta).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cocoto - Kart Racer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cocoto - Kart Racer (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cocoto Racers (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Code de la Route (France) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Code de la Route - Edition 2008 (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Code de la Route - Edition Deluxe (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Code de la Route DS (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Code de la Route, Le (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Code de la Route, Le - Moto et BSR (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Code Geass - Hangyaku no Lelouch (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Code Geass - Hangyaku no Lelouch R2 - Banjou no Geass Gekijou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Code Lyoko (Europe) (En,Fr,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Code Lyoko (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Code Lyoko - Fall of X.A.N.A. (Europe) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Code Lyoko - Fall of X.A.N.A. (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/CodeBreaker DS (World) (v2) (Unl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/CodeBreaker DS Lite (World) (Unl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/CodeFreak DS (Japan) (Unl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/CodeFreak DS Type II (Japan) (Unl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Colin McRae - Dirt 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Color Cross (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Colour Cross (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Combat of Giants - Dinosaurs (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Combat of Giants - Dragons (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Combat of Giants - Mutant Insects (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Combo Pack - Madagascar 3 - Europe's Most Wanted + Croods, The - Prehistoric Party! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Command and Destroy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Command and Destroy (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Commando - Steel Disaster (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Contact (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Beta).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Contact (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Contact (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Contact (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Contra - Dual Spirits (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Contra 4 (Europe) (Proto).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Contra 4 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Conveni DS, The - Otona no Keieiryoku Training (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cookie & Cream (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cookie & Cream (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cookie Shop - Create Your Dream Shop (Europe) (En,Fr) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cookie Shop - Create Your Dream Shop (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cookin' Idol I! My! Mine! - Game de Hirameki! Kirameki! Cooking (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cooking Guide - Can't Decide What to Eat (Europe) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cooking Guide - Can't Decide What to Eat (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cooking Mama (Europe) (De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cooking Mama (Europe) (En,Fr,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cooking Mama (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cooking Mama (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cooking Mama (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cooking Mama 2 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cooking Mama 2 - Dinner with Friends (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cooking Mama 2 - Dinner with Friends (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cooking Mama 3 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cooking Mama 3 (Europe) (En,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cooking Mama 3 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cooking Mama 3 - Shop & Chop (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cooking Mama World - Combo Pack - Volume 1 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cooking Mama World - Combo Pack - Volume 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cooking Mama World - Hobbies & Fun (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cooking Mama World - Outdoor Adventures (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Coraline (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Coraline (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cornelsen Trainer - Englisch - Klasse 5 + 6 (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cornelsen Trainer - Englisch - Klasse 7 + 8 (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cornelsen Trainer - Mathe - Klasse 5 (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cornelsen Trainer - Mathe - Klasse 5 + 6 (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cornelsen Trainer - Mathe - Klasse 6 (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Coropata (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Corvette Evolution GT (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cory in the House (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cory in the House (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cosmetic Paradise (Europe) (En,Fr,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cosmetick Paradise (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cosmetick Paradise - Kirei no Mahou (Japan) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cosmetick Paradise - Make no Kiseki (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cosmetick Paradise - Princess Life (Japan) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cosmopolitan - Total Relooking (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cosmos Chaos (USA) (Beta).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cosmos Chaos (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Countdown - The Game (Europe) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cradle of Rome (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cradle of Rome 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Craft Mama (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crafting Mama (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crash - Mind over Mutant (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crash - Mind over Mutant (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crash Bandicoot Festival (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crash Boom Bang! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crash Boom Bang! (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crash of the Titans (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crash of the Titans (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crayola Treasure Adventures (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crayola Treasure Adventures (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crayon Shin-chan - Arashi o Yobu Cinemaland Kachinko Gachinko Daikatsugeki! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crayon Shin-chan - Arashi o Yobu Nendororoon Daihenshin! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crayon Shin-chan - Obaka Dainin Den - Susume! Kasukabe Ninja Tai! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crayon Shin-chan - Shock Gahn! - Densetsu o Yobu Omake Daiketsusen!! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crayon Shin-chan DS - Arashi o Yobu Nutte Crayoon Daisakusen! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crazy Chicken - Star Karts (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crazy Chicken Adventure - The Pharaoh's Treasure (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crazy Chicken Carnival (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crazy Chicken Jump'n Run - Atlantis Quest (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crazy Circus (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crazy Circus (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crazy Frog Collectables - Art School (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crazy Frog Racer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crazy Machines (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crazy Machines (Germany) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crazy Machines (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crazy Machines 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crazy Pig (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crazy School Games (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crime Lab - Body of Evidence (Europe) (En,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crime Lab - Body of Evidence (Europe) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crime Lab - Body of Evidence (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crime Scene (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crime Scene (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crimson Room (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Croket! DS - Tenkuu no Yuusha-tachi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Croods, The - Prehistoric Party! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Croods, The - Prehistoric Party! (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cross Treasures (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crossword de Manabou! Chiri - Rekishi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crossword DS + Sekai 1-shuu Cross (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/CrossworDS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/CrossworDS (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crosswords - Cruciverba Italiani (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cruciverba per DS (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cruise Line Tycoon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Crystal Mines (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/CSI - Crime Scene Investigation - Dark Motives (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/CSI - Crime Scene Investigation - Dark Motives (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/CSI - Crime Scene Investigation - Deadly Intent - The Hidden Cases (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/CSI - Crime Scene Investigation - Deadly Intent - The Hidden Cases (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/CSI - Crime Scene Investigation - Unsolved! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/CSI - Crime Scene Investigation - Unsolved! (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Cuisine Party (France) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Culdcept DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Culture Generale pour les Nuls, La (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Culture Generale pour les Nuls, La - 2e Edition (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Curling DS (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Custom Battler Bomber Man (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Custom Beat Battle - Draglade (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Custom Beat Battle - Draglade 2 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Custom Mahjong (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Custom Robo Arena (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Custom Robo Arena (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/CycloDS Evolution (World) (Unl) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/CycloDS Evolution (World) (v1.1) (Unl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/D&CO - Ta Maison de Reve en 7 Jours (Europe) (Fr,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/D.Gray-Man - Innocence no Shito-tachi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DaGeDar (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Daigassou! Band-Brothers (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Daigassou! Band-Brothers - Request Selection (Japan) (Expansion Cartridge).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Daigassou! Band-Brothers DX (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Daigassou! Band-Brothers DX (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Daikoukai Jidai IV - Rota Nova (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Daisenryaku DS - Great Strategy (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Daito Giken Koushiki Pachi-Slot Simulator Hihouden - Ossu! Banchou - Yoshimune DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dance Floor (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dance! - It's Your Stage (Europe) (En,De) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dancing on Ice (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dancing with the Stars - We Dance! (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Daniel X - The Ultimate Power (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Danny Phantom - Urban Jungle (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Danny Phantom - Urban Jungle (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Danshaku (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Daredemo Asobi Taizen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Daredemo Kantan! - Jo Chihun no Tsumego (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Daredemo Kantan! - Watanabe Akira no Tsumeshougi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Daring Game for Girls, The (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dark Spire, The (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Darkrai Distribution 2008 (USA) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Darkrai Distribution 2011 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Das Weiss Doch Jedes Kind! (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Data Max (World) (Unl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Date ni Gametsui Wake ja Nee! - Dungeon Maker Girls Type (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Datenshi no Amai Yuuwaku x Kaikan Phrase (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dawn of Discovery (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dawn of Heroes (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Days of Memories (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Days of Memories 2 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Days of Memories 3 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/de Blob 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/de Blob 2 (USA) (En,Fr) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dead'n'Furious (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Deal or No Deal (Australia).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Deal or No Deal (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Deal or No Deal (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Deal or No Deal (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Deal or No Deal - Der Banker Schlaegt Zurueck (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Deal or No Deal - Special Edition (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Deal or No Deal - The Banker Is Back! (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Deal or No Deal - The Official Nintendo DS Game (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dear Girl - Stories - Hibiki - Hibiki Tokkun Daisakusen! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Death Jr. and the Science Fair of Doom (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Death Jr. and the Science Fair of Doom (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Death Note - Kira Game (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Death Note - L o Tsugu Mono (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Deca Sporta - DS de Sports '10' Shumoku! (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Deca Sports DS (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Deco Tendances (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Deep Aquarium - Kiseki no Shinkai (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Deep Labyrinth (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Deep Labyrinth (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Deep Labyrinth (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Deep Sea Aquarium by DS (Europe) (En,Fr,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Deer Drive (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Defendin' DePenguin (Europe) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Defendin' DePenguin (USA) (En,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Deine Eigene Modenschau (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Deine Reitschule (Europe) (Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dekiru Otoko no Mote Life - Hiru no Mote Kouza Hen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dekiru Otoko no Mote Life - Yoru no Mote Jissen Hen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dekita yo! Mama. - Mitsugo no Kuma-san - Onnanoko (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dekita yo! Mama. - Mitsugo no Kuma-san - Otokonoko (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dekita yo! Mama. - Wannyan Club - Onnanoko (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dekita yo! Mama. - Wannyan Club - Otokonoko (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Deltora Quest - Nanatsu no Houseki (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dementium - The Ward (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dementium - The Ward (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dementium II (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dementium II (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dengeki Gakuen RPG - Cross of Venus (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dengeki Gakuen RPG - Cross of Venus Special (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Denjirou Sensei no Fushigi na Jikkenshitsu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Denksport Varia (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Densetsu no Stafy - Taiketsu! Dile Kaizoku Dan (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Densetsu no Stafy 4 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Deoxys Distribution 2008 (USA) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Derby Stallion DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Desktop Tower Defense (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Despicable Me - Minion Mayhem (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Despicable Me - The Game - Minion Mayhem (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Destiny Links (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Deutgo Sseugo Chinhaejineun - DS Yeongeo Sammaegyeong (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Deutsch 1.-4. Klasse - Fit fuers Gymnasium (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Deutsch 1.-4. Klasse 2012 (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Deviens Miss France (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Devil Survivor 2 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Devilish (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Devilish - Ball Bounder (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Di-Gata Defenders (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Di-Gata Defenders (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Diabolik - The Original Sin (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Diary Girl (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Diddl im Kaesekuchenland (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Diddl Puzzle - Echter Puzzlespass fuer Unterwegs (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Diddy Kong Racing DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Diddy Kong Racing DS (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Diego's Build and Rescue (Europe) (En,Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Diego's Build and Rescue (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Diercke - Das Geographie-Quiz (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Diercke - Junior-Quiz Geographie (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dig Dug - Digging Strike (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dig Dug - Digging Strike (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dig Dug - Digging Strike (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Digging For Dinosaurs (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Digimon Championship (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Digimon Championship (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Digimon Story (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Digimon Story (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Digimon Story - Lost Evolution (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Digimon Story - Moonlight (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Digimon Story - Sunburst (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Digimon Story - Super Xros Wars - Blue (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Digimon Story - Super Xros Wars - Red (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Digimon World - Dawn (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Digimon World - Dusk (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Digimon World Championship (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Digimon World DS (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Diner Dash (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Diner Dash - Flo on the Go (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Diner Dash - Sizzle & Serve (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Diner Dash - Sizzle & Serve (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dino King Battle - Taiko kara no Hyouryuusha (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dino Master - Dig, Discover, Duel (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dino Master - Dig, Discover, Duel (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dino Pets - The Virtual Pet Game (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dinosaur King (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dinosaur King (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dirt 2 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Discovery Kids - Dolphin Discovery (USA) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Discovery Kids - Kitten Corner (USA) (En,Fr,Es) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Discovery Kids - Parrot Pals (USA) (En,Fr,Es) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Discovery Kids - Pony Paradise (USA) (En,Fr,Es) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Discovery Kids - Puppy Playtime (USA) (En,Fr,Es) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Discovery Kids - Snake Safari (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Discovery Kids - Spider Quest (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Disgaea DS (Europe) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Disgaea DS (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Disney Big Hero 6 - Battle in the Bay (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Disney Big Hero 6 - Battle in the Bay (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Disney Big Hero 6 - Battle in the Bay (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Disney Friends (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Disney Friends (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Disney Friends (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Disney Friends (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Disney Friends (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Disney Friends (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Disney Frozen - Olaf's Quest (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Disney Frozen - Olaf's Quest (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Disney Frozen - Olaf's Quest (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Disney Planes (Europe) (En,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Disney Planes (Europe) (En,Sv,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Disney Planes (Europe) (Fr,De,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Disney Planes (Europe) (Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Disney Planes (Europe) (Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Disney Planes (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Disney Princess - Enchanting Storybooks (Europe) (De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Disney Princess - Enchanting Storybooks (Europe) (En,Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Disney Princess - Enchanting Storybooks (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Disney Princess - Magical Jewels (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Disney Princess - Magical Jewels (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Disney Princess - Mahou no Jewel (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Disney Two Pack - Frozen Olaf's Quest + Big Hero 6 - Battle in the Bay (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Disney Violetta - Rhythm & Music (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Diva Girls - Diva Ballerina (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Diva Girls - Diva Dancers (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Diva Girls - Divas on Ice (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Diva Girls - Making the Music (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Diva Girls - Princess on Ice 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DJ Star (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DJ Star (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DK - Jungle Climber (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DK - Jungle Climber (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Doctor Who - Evacuation Earth (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dodge Racing - Charger vs Challenger (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dodge Racing - Charger vs Challenger (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dog Trainer (Europe) (Cheat Cartridge) (Unl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dog Trainer 2 (Europe) (Cheat Cartridge) (Unl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dogz (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dogz (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dogz (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dogz 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dokapon Journey (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dokapon Journey! - Nakayoku Kenka Shite (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Doki Doki Majo Shinpan Duo (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Doki Doki Majo Shinpan! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Doki Majo Plus (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dokodemo Pilates (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dokodemo Raku Raku! - DS Kakeibo (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dokodemo Raku Raku! - DS Kakeibo (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dokodemo Yoga (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dokonjou Shougakusei Bon Biita - Hadaka no Choujou Ketsusen!! - Biita vs Dokuro Dei! (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dolphin Island (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dolphin Island - Underwater Adventures (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dolphin Trainer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Don Bluth Presents - Dragon's Lair (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Don King Boxing (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Don King Boxing (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dondake Sports 101 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Donkey Kong - Jungle Climber (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Donkey Kong - Jungle Climber (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Donkey Xote (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Doodle Hex (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Doodle Jump Journey (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dora & Friends' - Fantastic Flight (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dora & Friends' - Pet Shelter (Europe) (En,Fr,Es,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dora & Kai-Lan's Pet Shelter (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dora Puppy (Canada) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dora Puppy (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dora the Explorer - Dora Puppy (Europe) (En,Fr,Es,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dora the Explorer - Dora Puppy (Europe) (En,Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dora the Explorer - Dora Puppy (Europe) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dora the Explorer - Dora Saves the Mermaids (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dora the Explorer - Dora Saves the Mermaids (Europe) (Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dora the Explorer - Dora Saves the Mermaids (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dora the Explorer - Dora Saves the Mermaids (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dora the Explorer - Dora Saves the Snow Princess (Europe) (En,Fr,Nl) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dora the Explorer - Dora Saves the Snow Princess (Europe) (Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dora the Explorer - Dora Saves the Snow Princess (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dora the Explorer - Dora Saves the Snow Princess (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dora's Big Birthday Adventure (Europe) (En,Fr,Es,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dora's Big Birthday Adventure (Europe) (En,Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dora's Big Birthday Adventure (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dora's Cooking Club (Europe) (En,Fr,Es,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dora's Cooking Club (Europe) (En,Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dora's Cooking Club (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dorabase - Doraemon Super Baseball Gaiden - Dramatic Stadium (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dorabase 2 - Nettou Ultra Stadium (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Doraemon - Nobita no Kyouryuu 2006 DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Doraemon - Nobita no Shin Makai Daibouken DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Doraemon - Nobita to Midori no Kyojinden DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Double Pack - Cradle of Rome + Cradle of Egypt (Europe) (En,Fr,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Double Sequence - The Q-Virus Invasion (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Double Sequence - The Q-Virus Invasion (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dowajwo! Rhythm Hero (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dr Kawashima's Brain Training - How Old Is Your Brain (Australia) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dr Kawashima's Brain Training - How Old Is Your Brain (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dr Kawashima's Brain Training - How Old Is Your Brain (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dr Kawashima's Brain Training - How Old Is Your Brain - Sudoku Download 2 (Europe) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dr Reiner Knizia's Brainbenders (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dr. Jekyll & Mr. Hyde - Enigmes & Objets Caches (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dr. Seuss - How the Grinch Stole Christmas! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dr. Seuss - How the Grinch Stole Christmas! (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dr. Slump Arale-chan (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Drachenzaehmen Leicht Gemacht (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Draglade (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Draglade (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Ball - Origins (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Ball - Origins (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Ball - Origins 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Ball - Origins 2 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Ball DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Ball DS (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Ball DS 2 - Totsugeki! Red Ribbon Gun (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Ball Kai - Saiyajin Raishuu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Ball Kai - Ultimate Butou Den (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Ball Z - Attack of the Saiyans (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Ball Z - Attack of the Saiyans (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Ball Z - Bukuu Ressen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Ball Z - Goku Densetsu (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Ball Z - Harukanaru Densetsu (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Ball Z - Harukanaru Gokuu Densetsu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Ball Z - Supersonic Warriors 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Ball Z - Supersonic Warriors 2 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Booster (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Booster (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Dance (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Hunters (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Master (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Quest - The Chapters of the Chosen (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Quest - The Hand of the Heavenly Bride (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Quest Heroes - Rocket Slime (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Quest IV - Chapters of the Chosen (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Quest IV - Michibikareshi Mono-tachi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Quest IX - Hoshizora no Mamoribito (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Quest IX - Sentinels of the Starry Skies (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Quest IX - Sentinels of the Starry Skies (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk) (Video).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Quest IX - Sentinels of the Starry Skies (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Quest Monsters - Joker (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Quest Monsters - Joker (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Quest Monsters - Joker (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Quest Monsters - Joker 2 (Europe) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Quest Monsters - Joker 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Quest Monsters - Joker 2 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Quest Monsters - Joker 2 (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Quest Monsters - Joker 2 - Professional (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Quest V - Hand of the Heavenly Bride (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Quest V - Tenkuu no Hanayome (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Quest VI - Maboroshi no Daichi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Quest VI - Realms of Revelation (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Quest VI - Realms of Reverie (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Tamer - Sound Spirit (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Thrills with Magic Lilly (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragon Zakura DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragonite Distribution 2008 (USA) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragonology (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragonology (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Drake & Josh - Talent Showdown (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Drama Queens (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Drama Queens (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dramatic Dungeon - Sakura Taisen - Kimi Aru ga Tame (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Drawn to Life (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Drawn to Life (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Drawn to Life - Collection (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Drawn to Life - Edicion Bob Esponja (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Drawn to Life - Kamisama no Marionette (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Drawn to Life - SpongeBob SquarePants Edition (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Drawn to Life - SpongeBob SquarePants Edition (Europe) (En,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Drawn to Life - SpongeBob SquarePants Edition (Greece) (En,El).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Drawn to Life - SpongeBob SquarePants Edition (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Drawn to Life - The Next Chapter (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Drawn to Life - The Next Chapter (USA) (En,Fr) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Drawn to Life - The Next Chapter (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Drawn to Life Collection (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dream Chronicles (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dream Dancer (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dream Day - Wedding Destinations (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dream Day - Wedding Destinations (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dream Pinball 3D (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dream Pinball 3D (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dream Salon (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dreamer Series - Babysitter (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dreamer Series - Horse Trainer (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dreamer Series - Pop Star (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dreamer Series - Puppy Trainer (USA) (En,Es) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dreamer Series - Shop Owner (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dreamer Series - Teacher (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dreamer Series - Top Model (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dreamer Series - Zoo Keeper (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DreamWorks 2-in-1 Party Pack (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Drei Fragezeichen, Die - Das Geheimnis der Geisterinsel (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Drei Fragezeichen, Die - Das Geheimnis der Toten (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Driver Dan's Story Train (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Driver License Trainer Espana (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Driver License Trainer Italia (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Drivers Ed Portable (USA) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Drivers' Ed Portable (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Driving Theory Training (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Driving Theory Training - 2009-2010 Edition (Europe) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Drone Tactics (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dropcast (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dropcast (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Bimoji Training (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Bungaku Zenshuu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Chueogui Donghwa - Touch RO Puzzle (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS de Yomu Series - Tezuka Osamu - Hi no Tori - Daiikkan (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS de Yomu Series - Tezuka Osamu - Hi no Tori - Dainikan (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS de Yomu Series - Tezuka Osamu - Hi no Tori - Daisankan (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Dengeki Bunko - Allison (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Dengeki Bunko - Inukami! feat. Animation (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Dengeki Bunko - Iriya no Sora, UFO no Natsu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Dengeki Bunko - Iriya no Sora, UFO no Natsu II (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Dengeki Bunko ADV - Baccano! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Download Europe - Meteos & Polarium (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Download Station - Volume 1 (Europe) (Demo) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Download Station - Volume 1 (USA) (Demo) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Download Station - Volume 10 (USA) (Demo) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Download Station - Volume 11 (USA) (Demo) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Download Station - Volume 12 (USA) (Demo) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Download Station - Volume 13 (USA) (Demo) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Download Station - Volume 14 (USA) (Demo) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Download Station - Volume 15 (USA) (Demo) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Download Station - Volume 16 (USA) (Demo) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Download Station - Volume 17 (USA) (Demo) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Download Station - Volume 18 (USA) (Demo) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Download Station - Volume 19 (USA) (Demo) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Download Station - Volume 2 (Europe) (Demo) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Download Station - Volume 2 (USA) (Demo) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Download Station - Volume 3 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Demo) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Download Station - Volume 3 (USA) (Demo) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Download Station - Volume 4 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Demo) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Download Station - Volume 4 (USA) (Demo) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Download Station - Volume 5 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Demo) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Download Station - Volume 5 (USA) (Demo) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Download Station - Volume 6 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Demo) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Download Station - Volume 6 (USA) (Demo) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Download Station - Volume 7 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Demo) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Download Station - Volume 7 (USA) (Demo) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Download Station - Volume 8 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Demo) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Download Station - Volume 8 (USA) (Demo) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Download Station - Volume 9 (USA) (Demo) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS GoStop (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Kageyama Method - Dennou Hanpuku - Chiri Rekishi Koumin Maru x Maru Shakaika (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Kageyama Method Dennou Hanpuku - Masu x Masu Hyaku Masu Keisan (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Kageyama Method Dennou Hanpuku - Masu x Masu Pre-Hyaku Masu Keisan - Hyaku Masu no Mae ni Kore Da yo! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Kageyama Method Dennou Hanpuku - Tadashii Kanji Kakitori-kun (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Kageyama Method Dennou Hanpuku - Tadashii Kanji Kakitori-kun - Kondo wa Kanken Taisaku Da yo! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Motte Tabi ni Deyo - Kyoto (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Nishimura Kyotaro Suspense 2 Shin Tantei Series - Kanazawa, Hakodate, Gokkan no Kyoukoku - Fukushuu no Kage (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Nishimura Kyotaro Suspense Shin Tantei Series - Kyoto, Atami, Zekkai no Kotou - Satsui no Wana (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Puzzler - Nanpure Fan & Oekaki Logic (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Puzzler - Nanpure Fan & Oekaki Logic (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Puzzler - Nanpure Fan & Oekaki Logic - Wi-Fi Taiou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Rakubiki Jiten (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Teku Teku Nikki - Walking & Diet Diary (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Uranai Seikatsu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Vitamin - Widaehan Bapsang - Malhaneun! Geongangyori Giljabi (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Yamamura Misa Suspense - Maiko Kogiku, Kisha Catherine, Sougiya Ishihara Akiko - Koto ni Mau Hana Sanrin - Kyoto Satsujin Jiken File (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS Yukemuri Suspense Series - Free Writer Tachibana Maki - Touyako, Nanatsu no Yu, Okuyu no Sato - Shuzai Techou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS-PICO Series - Sanrio no Party e Ikou! - Oryouri, Oshare, Okaimono (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS-Pico Series - Sanrio Puroland - Waku Waku Okaimono - Suteki na Oheya o Tsukuri Masho (Japan) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DS-Xtreme 4Gb (World) (v1.1.0) (Unl) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DSTT (World) (Unl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DSTTi (World) (Unl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DSvision - Starter Kit (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DSvision Starter Kit (Japan) (DSvision).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/DTM Race Driver 3 - Create & Race (Germany) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ducati Moto (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ducati Moto (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Duden - Einfach Klasse in Deutsch - 1. und 2. Klasse (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Duden - Einfach Klasse in Deutsch - 3. und 4. Klasse (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Duden - Einfach Klasse in Mathematik - 1. und 2. Klasse (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Duden - Einfach Klasse in Mathematik - 3. und 4. Klasse (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Duel Love - Koisuru Otome wa Shouri no Megami (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Duel Masters Volume 1 (Japan) (DSvision).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Duel Masters Volume 2 (Japan) (DSvision).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Duel Masters Volume 3 (Japan) (DSvision).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Duke Nukem - Critical Mass (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Duke Nukem - Critical Mass (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dun-Dam - Dungeons & Dam (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dungeon Explorer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dungeon Explorer - Jashin no Ryouiki (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dungeon Explorer - Warriors of Ancient Arts (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dungeon Maker (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dungeon Maker - Mahou no Shovel to Chiisana Yuusha (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dungeon of Windaria (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dungeon Raiders (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dungeon Raiders (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dynasty Warriors DS - Fighter's Battle (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dynasty Warriors DS - Fighter's Battle (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/E=M6 Defi Cerebral (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/EA Playground (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/EA Playground (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/EA Playground (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Easy Learning - Discover Our World (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Easy Piano (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Easy Piano - Learn, Play & Compose (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Eco-Creatures - Save the Forest (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ecolis (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ecolis - Aoi Umi to Ugoku Shima (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ecolis - Save the Forest (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ed's Farm (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ed, Edd n Eddy - Scam of the Century (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ed, Edd n Eddy - Scam of the Century (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Edamoto Naomi no Shiawase Kitchen - Kakushi Aji wa Anata ga Kimete ne (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/EDGE (World) (Unl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Edo Bunka Rekishi Kentei DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Edogawa Ranpo no Kaijin Nijuu Mensou DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Egg Monster Hero (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Eggheads (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Egokoro Kyoushitsu DS (Japan) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Eibun Tadoku DS - Sekai no Bungaku Senshuu (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Eibun Tadoku DS - Sekai no Meisaku Douwa (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Eigo de Asobou - Mummy Talk DS (Japan) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Eigo de Tabisuru - Little Charo (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Eigo ga Nigate na Otona no DS Training - Eigo Zuke (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Eigo ga Nigate na Otona no DS Training - Eigo Zuke (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Eigo ga Nigate na Otona no DS Training - Motto Eigo Zuke (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Eigo o Taberu Fushigi na Ikimono - Marsh (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Eigyoudou, The (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Eijukugo Target 1000 DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Eiken DS (Japan) (Rev 2).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Eiken DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Eiken DS Training (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Eiken Kakomondai Shuuroku - Eiken DS 2 Deluxe (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Eiken-ou - 2-kyuu Hen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Eiken-ou - 3-kyuu Hen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Eiken-ou - 4-kyuu Hen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Eiken-ou - Jun-2-kyuu Hen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Eikoh Seminar Koushiki DS Kyouzai - Chuugaku Eitango - Eitan Zamurai DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Eikoh Seminar Koushiki DS Kyouzai - Koukou Eitango - Eitan Zamurai DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Eikoh Seminar Koushiki DS Kyouzai - Shougakkou Eigo - Eitan Zamurai DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Eindeloos Backgammon (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Eindeloos Games Top 10 (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Eindeloos Mahjong (Netherlands) (En,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Eindeloos Mahjong 2 - Een Reis om de Wereld (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Eindeloos Patience (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Eitango Target 1900 DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Eiyuu Senki - Laevatein (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Elebits - Kai to Zero no Fushigi na Tabi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Elebits - Kaiwa Zeroui Sinbihan Yeohaeng (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Elebits - The Adventures of Kai and Zero (USA) (En,Fr) (Beta).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Elebits - The Adventures of Kai and Zero (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Electroplankton (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Electroplankton (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Electroplankton (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Eledees - The Adventures of Kai and Zero (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Element Girls (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Element Girls - Love, Fashion & Friends (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Element Girls - Style Your Life! (Europe) (Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Element Hunters (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Element Hunters (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Elemental Monster - Itsu Hashira Gami no Nazo (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Elements of Destruction (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Elements of Destruction (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Elf Bowling 1 & 2 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Elite Beat Agents (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Elite Beat Agents (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Elite Beat Agents (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Elite Beat Agents (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Elite Beat Agents (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Elite Beat Agents (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Elite Forces - Unit 77 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Elite Forces - Unit 77 (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Elite Forces - Unit 77 (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ellen Whitaker's Horse Life (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Elminage - Yami no Miko to Kamigami no Yubiwa - DS Remix (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Elminage II - Sousei no Megami to Unmei no Daichi - DS Remix (Japan) (NDSi Enhanced) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Elvenland (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Emblem of Gundam (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Emergency (Europe) (En,Fr,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Emergency 2012 (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Emergency DS (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Emergency Kids (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Emergency Room - Real Life Rescues (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Emergency! - Disaster Rescue Squad (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Emily - My Animal Shelter (Europe) (En,Fr,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Emily - My Dog Paradise (Europe) (En,Fr,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Emily - My Personal Diary (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Emily Archer - The Curse of King Tut's Tomb (Europe) (Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Emily Archer - The Curse of King Tut's Tomb (Europe) (Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Emily Archer - The Curse of King Tut's Tomb (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Emily the Strange - Strangerous (Europe) (En,De) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Emily the Strange - Strangerous (Europe) (En,Fr) (VESV) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Emily the Strange - Strangerous (Europe) (En,Fr) (VESX) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Emily the Strange - Strangerous (USA) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Emma at the Farm (Europe) (En,De,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Emma at the Farm (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Emma at the Farm (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Emma in the Mountains (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Emma in the Mountains (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Enchanted (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Enchanted (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Enchanted Folk and the School of Wizardry (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ener-G - Dance Squad (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ener-G - Gym Rockets (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ener-G - Horse Riders (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Englisch Buddy (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Englisch Entdecken Mit Ben & Bella (Germany) (En).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Englisch Macht Spass - Eine Reise nach London! (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/English Buddy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/English Training - Have Fun Improving Your Skills (Europe) (Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Enigmistica, L' (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Enpitsu de Oku no Hosomichi DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Entraineur Cerebral, L' - Kids (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Entraineur Cerebral, L' - Logique (France) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Entraineur Cerebral, L' - Perception (France) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/EQ Trainer DS - Dekiru Otona no Communication Jutsu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Equestrian Training (Europe) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Equitation - Galops 1 a 4 (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Equitation - Galops 1 a 7 (France) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Era Glaciale 3, L' - L'Alba dei Dinosauri (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Era Glaciale 4, L' - Continenti alla Deriva - Giochi Polari (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Eragon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Eragon (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Escape the Museum (Europe) (En,Fr,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Escape the Museum (Europe) (En,Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Escape the Museum (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Escape the Museum (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/ESSE Shikkari Kakeibo DS (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/ESSE Shikkari Kakeibo DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Essential Sudoku DS (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Estpolis - The Lands Cursed by the Gods (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Etrian Odyssey (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Etrian Odyssey (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Etrian Odyssey II - Heroes of Lagaard (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Etrian Odyssey III - The Drowned City (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Everything's Rosie (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Evolution GT (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Exit DS (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Exit DS (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Expeditie Robinson (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Eyeshield 21 - Max Devil Power! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/EZ-Flash V (World) (Unl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/EZ-Flash Vi (World) (Unl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/F-24 - Stealth Fighter (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/F-24 - Stealth Fighter (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fab 5 Soccer (USA) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fab 5 Soccer (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/FabStyle (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fabulous Finds (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fabulous Finds (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Facening de Hyoujou Yutaka ni Inshou Up - Otona no DS Kao Training (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fairyland - Melody Magic (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fall fuer TKKG, Ein - Detektiv Gesucht! (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Famicom Wars DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Family Feud - 2010 Edition (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Family Fortunes (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Family Park Tycoon (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Famous - The Road to Glory! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fancy Nancy - Tea Party Time! (USA) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fantastic Four - Rise of the Silver Surfer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fantastic Four - Rise of the Silver Surfer (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fantasy Aquarium by DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fantasy Aquarium by DS (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Farm Frenzy - Animal Country (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Farm Frenzy - Animal Country (USA) (En,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Farm Frenzy 3 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Farm Life - Manage Your Own Farm (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Farmtopia (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fashion Designer - High Fashion (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fashion Designer - Style Icon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fashion Dogz (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fashion Studio - Paris Collection (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fashion Tycoon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fashion Week Jr. - Designer (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fast Food Panic (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fast Food Panic (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fee Lili-Rose 2, La - Mon Monde Merveilleux (Europe) (En,Fr,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fee Lili-Rose, La - La Magie des Fees (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Feel the Magic - XY-XX (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Feel the Magic - XY-XX (USA) (En,Ja).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Feji (Russia) (Beta).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Feji (Russia).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ferrari Challenge - Trofeo Pirelli (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ferrari Challenge - Trofeo Pirelli - European Series (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/FIFA 06 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/FIFA 07 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/FIFA 08 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/FIFA 08 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/FIFA 08 (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/FIFA 09 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/FIFA 09 (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/FIFA 10 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/FIFA 10 (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/FIFA 11 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/FIFA Soccer 06 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/FIFA Soccer 07 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/FIFA Soccer 08 (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/FIFA Soccer 09 (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/FIFA Soccer 10 (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/FIFA Soccer 11 (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/FIFA Street 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/FIFA Street 2 (USA) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/FIFA Street 3 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/FIFA Street 3 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/FIFA Street 3 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fifi and the Flowertots (Europe) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fifi and the Flowertots - Fifi's Garden Party (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fighting Fantasy - The Warlock of Firetop Mountain (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Figure Princess - Dugeundugeun Skating - Geum-medaleul Noryeora! (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Figure Skating - Eunban wiui Yojeong (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Final Fantasy - The 4 Heroes of Light (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Final Fantasy - The 4 Heroes of Light (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles - Echoes of Time (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles - Echoes of Time (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles - Echoes of Time (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles - Ring of Fates (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles - Ring of Fates (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles - Ring of Fates (USA) (En,Es) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles - Ring of Fates (USA) (En,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Final Fantasy Fables - Chocobo Tales (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Final Fantasy Fables - Chocobo Tales (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Final Fantasy III (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Final Fantasy III (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Final Fantasy III (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Final Fantasy IV (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Final Fantasy IV (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Final Fantasy IV (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Final Fantasy Tactics A2 - Fuuketsu no Grimoire (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Final Fantasy Tactics A2 - Grimoire of the Rift (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Final Fantasy Tactics A2 - Grimoire of the Rift (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Final Fantasy XII - Revenant Wings (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Final Fantasy XII - Revenant Wings (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Final Fantasy XII - Revenant Wings (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Finde die Unterschiede - Foto Frenzy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Findet Nemo - Flucht in den Ozean (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Finding Nemo - Escape to the Big Blue (Europe) (Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Finding Nemo - Escape to the Big Blue (Europe) (Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Finding Nemo - Escape to the Big Blue (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Finding Nemo - Escape to the Big Blue (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Finding Nemo - Escape to the Big Blue - Special Edition (Europe) (En,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Finding Nemo - Escape to the Big Blue - Special Edition (Europe) (Fr,De,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Finding Nemo - Escape to the Big Blue - Special Edition (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Finding Nemo - Touch de Nemo (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fire Emblem - Shadow Dragon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fire Emblem - Shadow Dragon (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fire Emblem - Shin Ankoku Ryuu to Hikari no Ken (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fire Emblem - Shin Monshou no Nazo - Hikari to Kage no Eiyuu (Japan) (Rev 1) (NDSi Enhanced) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fireman Sam (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fireman Sam - Action Stations (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fish Tycoon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fish Tycoon (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fishdom (Europe) (Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fishdom (Europe) (Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fishdom (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fit for Fun - Der Interaktive Ernaehrungscoach (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fix It (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fizz (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Flaaklypa Grand Prix (Europe) (En,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Flash Focus - Vision Training in Minutes a Day (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Flipper Critters (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Flipper Critters (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Flips 6 Book Pack - Cathy Cassidy (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Flips 6 Book Pack - Enid Blyton - Faraway Tree Stories (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Flips 6 Book Pack - Eoin Colfer - Artemis Fowl (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Flips 6 Book Pack - Mr Gum by Andy Stanton (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Flips 6 Book Pack - Rick Riordan - Percy Jackson (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Flips 8 Book Pack - Enid Blyton - The Adventure Series (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Flips 8 Book Pack - Too Ghoul for School (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Florist Shop (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Florist Shop (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Flower, Sun and Rain - Murder and Mystery in Paradise (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Flower, Sun and Rain - Murder and Mystery in Paradise (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fluch der Osterinsel, Der (Germany) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Flunkene Pirater (Norway).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Flunkerne - Paa Maanen (Europe) (No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Flunkerne - Superskurke (Europe) (No,Da) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Flunkerne Pirater (Denmark).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Flushed Away (Europe) (De,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Flushed Away (Europe) (Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Flushed Away (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Flushed Away (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Foot 2 Rue - Nicolas Anelka (Europe) (En,Fr,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Football Academy - Build and Prove Your Football Knowledge (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Football Director DS (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ford Racing 3 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ford Racing 3 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fort Boyard - Casse-tetes & Enigmes (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fort Boyard - Le Jeu (France) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fort Boyard - Le Jeu (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fossil Fighters (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fossil Fighters (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fossil Fighters Champions (USA) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fossil League - Dino Tournament Championship (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fossil League - Dino Tournament Championship (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends - Imagination Invaders (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends - Imagination Invaders (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Foto Frenzy - Spot the Difference (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Franklin's Great Adventures (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Franklin's Great Adventures (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Franzis Gedaechtnistrainer (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Franzoesisch Buddy (Europe) (Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Freddi Fish - ABC under the Sea (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Freddi Fish - ABC under the Sea (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Freddie Flintoff's Power Play Cricket (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Freedom Wings (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Freedom Wings (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fresh PreCure! - Asobi Collection (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Freshly-Picked - Tingle's Rosy Rupeeland (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fritz (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fritz Chess (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Frogger - Helmet Chaos (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Frogger - Helmet Chaos (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Frogman Show D.S., The - Datte, Shouganai Janai. (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/From the Abyss (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/From the Abyss (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/From the Abyss (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Front Mission (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Front Mission 1st (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Front Mission 2089 - Border of Madness (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fruits Mura no Doubutsu-tachi 2 - Osora no Fruits Land (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fruits Mura no Doubutsu-tachi 2 - Osora no Fruits Land (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fuehrerschein Coach 2008 (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fuehrerschein-Trainer (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fujimori Midori no Let's Tarot - Anata mo Kyou kara Uranaishi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fukoumori - Molily no Unhappy Project (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fullmetal Alchemist - Dual Sympathy (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fullmetal Alchemist - Dual Sympathy (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fullmetal Alchemist - Trading Card Game (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fushigi Kagaku - Nazotoki Quiz Training - Nazotore (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fushigi no Dungeon - Fuurai no Shiren 4 - Kami no Hitomi to Akuma no Heso (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fushigi no Dungeon - Fuurai no Shiren 5 - Fortune Tower to Unmei no Dice (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fushigi no Dungeon - Fuurai no Shiren DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fushigi no Dungeon - Fuurai no Shiren DS 2 - Sabaku no Majou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fushigi Yuugi DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Futari wa PreCure Max Heart - Danzen! DS de PreCure - Chikara o Awasete Dai-battle!! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Futari wa PreCure Splash Star - Panpaka Game de Zekkouchou! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/futureU - The Prep Game for SAT (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fuuun! Dairoujou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fuyu no Sonata DS (Japan) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/G-Force (Europe) (De,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/G-Force (Europe) (En,Fr,Es,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/G-Force (Europe) (En,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/G-Force (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/G.G Series Collection+ (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/G.I. Joe - The Rise of Cobra (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/G.I. Joe - The Rise of Cobra (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/G6DS Real (World) (Unl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gabu Gabu Planet (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gachapin Challenge DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gachapin Nikki DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gaitame Baibai Trainer - Kabutore FX (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gakken - Chuugokugo Zanmai DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gakken - Thai-Go Indonesia-Go Zanmai DS (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gakken Chuugokugo Zanmai DS - Kiki & Kaki Training (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gakken DS - Otona no Gakushuu - Kindaichi Sensei no Nihongo Lesson (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gakken DS - Shin TOEIC Test Kanzen Kouryaku (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gakken Eigo Zanmai DS (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gakken Europe 4-kakokugo Zanmai DS (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gakken Hangeul Zanmai DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gakken Hangul Zanmai DS - Kiki & Kaki Training (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gakken M Bunko Presents - Monoshiri Edo Meijin (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gakken Mainichi no Drill DS - Mezase! Miracle Shougaku 1 Nensei (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gakken Mu Henshuubu Kanshuu - Choujou Genshou Research File (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gakken Shin TOEIC Test - Kanzen Kouryaku 2 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gakken Youten Rank Jun Series - Kagaku DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gakken Youten Rank Jun Series - Nihon no Rekishi DS (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gakken Youten Rank Jun Series - Nihon no Rekishi DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gakkou no Kaidan DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gakkou no Kowai Uwasa - Hanako-san ga Kita!! - Minna no Hanako-san (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gakuen Alice - Waku Waku Happy Friends (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gakuen Hetalia DS (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Galactic Taz Ball (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Galactic Taz Ball (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Galactik Football (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Galaxy Racers (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Galaxy Racers (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Galileo (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Galileo Mystery - Die Krone des Midas (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Game & Watch Collection (Japan) (Club Nintendo).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Game & Watch Collection (USA) (Club Nintendo).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Game & Watch Collection 2 (Japan) (Club Nintendo).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Game & Watch Collection 2 (USA) (Club Nintendo).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Game Center CX - Arino no Chousenjou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Game Center CX - Arino no Chousenjou 2 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Game de Demashita! Powerpuff Girls Z (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Game Hits (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Game Hits! (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gamebook DS - Aquarian Age - Perpetual Period (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gamebook DS - Koukaku no Regios (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gamebook DS - Sword World 2.0 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Games Around the World (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ganbare Goemon - TokaiDouchuu Ooedo Tengurigaeshi no Maki (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ganbaru Watashi no Kakei Diary (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ganbaru Watashi no Kakei Diary (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gang del Bosco, La (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gardening Guide - How to Get Green Fingers (Australia).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gardening Guide - How to Get Green Fingers (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gardening Mama (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gardening Mama (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gardening Mama (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gardening Mama (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gardenscapes (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Garfield - A Tail of Two Kitties (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Garfield 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Garfield Gets Real (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Garfield Gets Real (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Garfield's Fun Fest (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Garfield's Fun Fest (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Garfield's Nightmare (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Garfield's Nightmare (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gauntlet (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Proto).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gauntlet (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Proto).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gegege no Kitarou - Youkai Daigekisen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Geheimnis von Dragonville, Das - May's Mystery (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gekifu Bakegyamon - Ayakashi Fighting (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gekikara Nanpure 2500 Mon (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gekitou! Custom Robo (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gem Quest - 4 Elements (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gendai Daisenryaku DS - Isshoku Sokuhatsu, Gunji Balance Houkai (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Generator Rex - Agent of Providence (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Generator Rex - Agent of Providence (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Genio de las Palabras, El (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Genmu no Tou to Tsurugi no Okite (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gensou Suikoden - Tierkreis (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/GEO Wunder Natur Puzzle - Echter Puzzlespass fuer Unterwegs (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Geojisui Yunmugok (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/GEOlino PowerQuiz - Wissen fuer Kinder (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Geomaster (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Geometry Wars - Galaxies (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Geometry Wars - Galaxies (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/George of the Jungle (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/George of the Jungle and the Search for the Secret (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Germany's Next Topmodel - Das Offizielle Spiel zur Show (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Germany's Next Topmodel - Das Offizielle Spiel zur Staffel 2009 (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Germany's Next Topmodel - Das Offizielle Spiel zur Staffel 2010 (Germany) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Germany's Next Topmodel - Das offizielle Spiel zur Staffel 2011! (Germany) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gesundheits Coach, Der - Wohlfuehlen Jeden Tag (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Geurigo, Malhago, Sijakaja! - Monster Farm DS (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Geuryeora, Touch! - Naega Mandeuneun Sesang (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Geuryeora, Touch! - SpongeBob Nemobaji (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ghost Trick (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ghost Trick - Phantom Detective (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ghost Trick - Phantom Detective (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ghostbusters - The Video Game (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ghostbusters - The Video Game (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Giana Sisters DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Giana Sisters DS (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gijeogui 100-kan Gyesanbeop (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gijutsu Hyouronsha Kanshuu - Kihonjouhou Gijutsusha DS (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gilde DS, Die (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gina-Lisa Powershopping (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ginga Tetsudou 999 DS (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gintama - Gintama Quest - Gin-san ga Tenshoku shitari Sekai o Sukuttari (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gintama - Gintoki vs Hijikata! - Kabukichou Gintama Daisoudatsusen!! (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gintama - Gintoki vs Hijikata! - Kabukichou Gintama Daisoudatsusen!! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gintama DS - Yorozuya Daisoudou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Girl Time - Everything You Need for a Hip, Happening Life! (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Girls Life - Fashion Addict (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Girls Life - Jewellery Style (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Girls Life - Makeover (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Girls Only (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Girls Only (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Glory Days - Yuugeki no Hero (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Glory Days 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Glory Days 2 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Glory of Heracles (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Glory of Heracles (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Go West! - A Lucky Luke Adventure (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Go! Go! Cosmo Cops! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Go, Diego, Go! - Great Dinosaur Rescue (Europe) (En,Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Go, Diego, Go! - Great Dinosaur Rescue (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Go, Diego, Go! - Safari Rescue (Europe) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Go, Diego, Go! - Safari Rescue (Europe) (En,Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Go, Diego, Go! - Safari Rescue (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Go, Diego, Go! - Safari Rescue (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Godzilla Unleashed (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Godzilla Unleashed - Double Smash (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gogo's Crazy Bones (Europe) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gogo's Crazy Bones (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gokujou!! Mecha Mote Iinchou - Girls 'Mote Kawa' Box (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gokujou!! Mecha Mote Iinchou - Mecha Mote Days, Hajimemasuwa! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gokujou!! Mecha Mote Iinchou - MM My Best Friend! (Japan) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gokujou!! Mecha Mote Iinchou - MM Town de Miracle Change! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Golden Balls (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Golden Compass, The (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Golden Compass, The - The Official Videogame (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Golden Compass, The - The Official Videogame (Europe) (En,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Golden Nugget Casino DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Golden Nugget Casino DS (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Golden Sun - Dark Dawn (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Golden Sun - Dark Dawn (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Golden Sun - Dark Dawn (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Golden Sun - Dark Dawn (USA) (En,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Goldene Amulett des Pharao, Das (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/GoldenEye - Au Service du Mal (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/GoldenEye - Dark Agent DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/GoldenEye - Rogue Agent (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/GoldenEye - Rogue Agent (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/GoldenEye 007 (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/GoldenEye 007 (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/GoldenEye 007 (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/GoldenEye 007 (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/GoldenEye 007 (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/GoldenEye 007 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Golgo 13 - File G13 o Oe (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Goosebumps HorrorLand (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Goosebumps HorrorLand (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/GoPets - Vacation Island! (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gormiti - The Lords of Nature! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gormiti - The Lords of Nature! (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gotouchi Kentei DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gouma Reifu Den Izuna (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gouma Reifu Den Izuna Ni (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gourmet Chef - Cook Your Way to Fame (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Grand Galop (Europe) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Grand Theft Auto - Chinatown Wars (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Grand Theft Auto - Chinatown Wars (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Grand Theft Auto - Chinatown Wars (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Grand Trucker Aniki - Shigoto to Kenka to Koi Moyou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Grease - The Official Video Game (Europe) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Grease - The Official Video Game (USA) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Green Lantern - Rise of the Manhunters (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Green Lantern - Rise of the Manhunters (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Greg Hastings' Tournament Paintball Max'd (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Greg Hastings' Tournament Paintball Max'd (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gremlins - Gizmo (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Grey's Anatomy - The Video Game (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Grey's Anatomy - The Video Game (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Grid (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/GripsKids - Deutsch (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/GripsKids - Mathematik (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/GripsKids - Sachkunde (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Groovy Chick - My Fashion World (Europe) (En,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Grosse Tagesschau Quiz, Das (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Grundschule - 1.-4. Klasse - Fit fuers Gymnasium - 2014 (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Grundschule 1.-4. Klasse - Fit fuers Gymnasium (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Grundschule 1.-4. Klasse - Fit fuers Gymnasium 2010 (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Grundschule 1.-4. Klasse - Fit fuers Gymnasium 2012 (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Grundschule 1.-4. Klasse - Fit fuers Gymnasium 2013 (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Guida in Cucina, La - Che Si Mangia Oggi (Italy) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Guida in Cucina, La - Che Si Mangia Oggi (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Guilty Gear - Dust Strikers (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Guilty Gear - Dust Strikers (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Guilty Gear - Dust Strikers (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Guinness World Records - The Videogame (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Guinness World Records - The Videogame (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Guitar Hero - On Tour (Europe) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Guitar Hero - On Tour (Europe) (Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Guitar Hero - On Tour (Europe) (Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Guitar Hero - On Tour (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Guitar Hero - On Tour (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Guitar Hero - On Tour (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Guitar Hero - On Tour (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Guitar Hero - On Tour (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Guitar Hero - On Tour - Decades (Europe) (Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Guitar Hero - On Tour - Decades (Europe) (Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Guitar Hero - On Tour - Decades (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Guitar Hero - On Tour - Decades (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Guitar Hero - On Tour - Decades (USA) (En,Fr) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Guitar Hero - On Tour - Decades (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Guitar Hero - On Tour - Modern Hits (Europe) (Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Guitar Hero - On Tour - Modern Hits (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Guitar Hero - On Tour - Modern Hits (USA) (En,Fr) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Guitar Hero - On Tour - Modern Hits (USA) (En,Fr) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Guitar Rock Tour (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Guitar Rock Tour (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gummy Bears - Mini Golf (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gunpey DS - Music x Puzzle (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gunpey DS - Music x Puzzle (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Guru Guru (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Guruguru Nagetto (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gyakkyou Burai Kaiji - Death or Survival (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gyakuten Kenji (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gyakuten Kenji 2 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gyakuten Saiban - Yomigaeru Gyakuten (Japan) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gyakuten Saiban - Yomigaeru Gyakuten (Japan) (En,Ja).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gyakuten Saiban 2 (Japan) (En,Ja).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gyakuten Saiban 3 (Japan) (En,Ja).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gyakuten Saiban 4 (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gyakuten Saiban 4 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gyakuten Saiban Jiten (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Gyouretsu no Dekiru - Houritsu Soudanjo (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Habu Yoshiharu Shougi de Kitaeru - Ketsudanryoku DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hachi-One Diver DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hagane no Renkinjutsushi - Dual Sympathy (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hajime no Ippo - The Fighting! DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hakoniwa Seikatsu - Hitsuji Mura DS (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hakoniwa Seikatsu - Hitsuji Mura DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hakuouki - Yuugiroku DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hakuouki - Zuisouroku DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hakuouki DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hakuouki Ryoumeiroku (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hamekomi Lucky Puzzle DS (Japan) (En,Ja).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hamster to Kurasou (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hamster to Kurasou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hamsterz 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hamsterz 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Rev 2).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hamsterz 2 (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hamsterz Life (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hamsterz Life (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hana Deka Club - Animal Paradise (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hana Saku DS Gardening Life (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hana to Taiyou to Ame to - Owaranai Rakuen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hana Yori Dango - Koi Seyo Otome! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hands On! Tangrams (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Haneru no Tobira DS - Tanshuku Tetsudou no Yoru (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hanguk-eomungyoyuk-yeonguhoe - Hangeom DS (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hannah Montana (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hannah Montana (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hannah Montana - Music Jam (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hannah Montana - Music Jam (Europe) (En,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hannah Montana - Music Jam (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hannah Montana - The Movie (Europe) (En,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hannah Montana - The Movie (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hannah Montana - The Movie (Europe) (En,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hannah Montana - The Movie (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hannah Montana - The Movie (USA) (En,Fr) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hannah Montana - The Movie (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hanshin Tigers DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hapi Hapi Clover (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Happily Ever After - Volume 1 (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Happily Ever After - Volume 2 (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Happy Bakery (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Happy Cooking (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Happy Cooking - Touch Pen de Tanoshiku Oryouri (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Happy Feet (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Happy Feet (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Happy Feet 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Happy Feet Two (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Happy Hippo's World Tour (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Happy My Sweets (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Happy Party with Hello Kitty & Friends! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Happy Star Band (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hardy Boys, The - Treasure on the Tracks (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Ru).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hardy Boys, The - Treasure on the Tracks (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harlem Globetrotters - World Tour (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harlem Globetrotters World Tour (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harobots Action!! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - Part 1 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - Part 1 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - Part 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - Part 2 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harry Potter to Fushichou no Kishidan (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harry Potter to Honoo no Goblet (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harry Potter to Nazo no Prince (Japan) (En,Ja).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harry Potter und der Halbblut-Prinz (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harry Potterwa Honhyeorwangja (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harvest Fishing (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harvest Moon - Frantic Farming (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harvest Moon - Frantic Farming (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harvest Moon - Frantic Farming (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harvest Moon - The Tale of Two Towns (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harvest Moon DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harvest Moon DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harvest Moon DS (USA) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harvest Moon DS (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harvest Moon DS - Grand Bazaar (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harvest Moon DS - Grand Bazaar (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harvest Moon DS - Island of Happiness (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harvest Moon DS - Island of Happiness (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harvest Moon DS - Sunshine Islands (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harvest Moon DS - Sunshine Islands (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harvest Moon DS - The Tale of Two Towns (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Harvest Moon DS Cute (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hasbro Family Game Night (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hasbro Family Game Night (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Haus Anubis, Das - Das Geheimnis des Osiris (Germany) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Haus Anubis, Das - Das Geheimnis des Osiris (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Haus Anubis, Das - Im Bann der Isis (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Have Fun with Crosswords (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hayarigami 2 DS - Toshi Densetsu Kaii Jiken (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hayarigami DS - Toshi Densetsu Kaii Jiken (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hayate no Gotoku! - Boku ga Romeo de Romeo ga Boku de (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hayate no Gotoku! - Ojousama Produce Daisakusen - Boku Iro ni Somare! - Gakkou Hen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hayate no Gotoku! - Ojousama Produce Daisakusen - Boku Iro ni Somare! - Oyashiki Hen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/HeartCatch PreCure! - Oshare Collection (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Heathcliff! - Frantic Foto (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Heathcliff! - Frantic Foto (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Heavy Armor Brigade (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Heisa Byoutou - Dementium (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Heisei Kyouiku Iinkai DS (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Heisei Kyouiku Iinkai DS (Japan) (Rev 2).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Heisei Kyouiku Iinkai DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Heisei Kyouiku Iinkai DS - Zenkoku Touitsu Moshi Special (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hell's Kitchen - The Game (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hell's Kitchen - The Game (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hello Baby! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hello Kitty - Big City Dreams (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hello Kitty - Big City Dreams (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hello Kitty - Big City Dreams (Europe) (En,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hello Kitty - Big City Dreams (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hello Kitty - Birthday Adventures (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hello Kitty - Birthday Adventures (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hello Kitty - Daily (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hello Kitty - Daily (France) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hello Kitty - Daily (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hello Kitty - Daily (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hello Kitty - Daily (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hello Kitty - Daily (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hello Kitty - Party (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hello Kitty no Gotouchi Collection - Koi no DokiDoki Travel (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hello Kitty no Oshare Party - Sanrio Character Zukan DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hello Kitty no Paku Paku & Logic (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hello Kitty no Panda Sports Stadium (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hello, Pocoyo! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Henry Hatsworth in the Puzzling Adventure (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Henry Hatsworth in the Puzzling Adventure (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Heracles - Battle with the Gods (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Heracles no Eikou - Tamashii no Shoumei (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Herbie - Rescue Rally (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Herbie - Rescue Rally (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hero's Saga - Laevatein Tactics (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Heroes of Hellas 2 - Olympia (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Heroes of Mana (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Heroes of Mana (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hexe Lilli Entdeckt Europa (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hi Hi Puffy AmiYumi - The Genie & the Amp (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hi Hi Puffy AmiYumi - The Genie & the Amp (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hi! Hamtaro - Ham-Ham Challenge (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hi! Hamtaro - Ham-Ham Challenge (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hidamari Sketch - Dokodemo Sugoroku x 365 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hidden Expedition - Titanic (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hidden Mysteries - Buckingham Palace (Europe) (En,Fr,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hidden Mysteries - Buckingham Palace (Europe) (En,Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hidden Mysteries - Buckingham Palace - Auf den Spuren der Royals (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hidden Mysteries - Buckingham Palace - Secrets of Kings and Queens (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hidden Mysteries - Salem Secrets (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hidden Mysteries - Salem Secrets (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hidden Mysteries - Salem Secrets - Witch Trials of 1692 (USA) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hidden Mysteries - Titanic (Europe) (En,Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hidden Mysteries - Titanic (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hidden Mysteries - Titanic (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hidden Mysteries - Titanic - Secrets of the Fateful Voyage (Europe) (En,Fr,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hidden Mysteries - Titanic - Secrets of the Fateful Voyage (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hidden Mysteries - Vampire Secrets (Europe) (En,Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hidden Mysteries - Vampire Secrets (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hidden Mysteries - Vampire Secrets (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hidden Mysteries - Vampire Secrets (USA) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hidden Object Show (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hidden Objects - Mystery Stories (USA) (En,Fr,Es) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hidden Objects - The Big Journey (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hidden Objects - The Big Journey (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hidden Objects - The Big Journey (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl) (Rev 2).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hidden Objects - The Big Journey (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl) (Rev 3).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/High School Musical - Makin' the Cut! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/High School Musical - Makin' the Cut! (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/High School Musical 2 - Work This Out! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/High School Musical 2 - Work This Out! (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/High School Musical 3 - Senior Year (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/High School Musical 3 - Senior Year (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Higurashi no Naku Koro ni Kizuna I (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Higurashi no Naku Koro ni Kizuna II - Dainikan - Sou (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Higurashi no Naku Koro ni Kizuna III - Daisankan - Rasen (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Higurashi no Naku Koro ni Kizuna IV - Daiyonkan - Kizuna (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hiiro no Kakera DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hiite Utaeru DS Guitar 'M-06' (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hijouguchi - Exit DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hikari no 4 Senshi - Final Fantasy Gaiden (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hippatte!! Puzzle Bobble (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hiraki Kazuo Sensei (Tokyo Daigaku) Kanshuu - Suku Suku Kosodate DS - Akachan to Asobou! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hirameki Action - Chibikko Wagyan no Ooki na Bouken (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hirameki Puzzle - Maxwell no Fushigi na Note (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hiromichi Oniisan no Oyako Taisou Navi - Oyako no Skin-Ship & Tairyoku Zukuri (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hissatsu Kung Fu - Kanji Dragon (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hisshou Pachinko Pachi-Slot Kouryaku Series DS Vol. 1 - Shinseiki Evangelion - Magokoro o, Kimi ni (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hisshou Pachinko Pachi-Slot Kouryaku Series DS Vol. 2 - CR Shinseiki Evangelion - Shito, Futatabi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hisshou Pachinko Pachi-Slot Kouryaku Series DS Vol. 3 - Shinseiki Evangelion - Yakusoku no Toki (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hisshou Pachinko Pachi-Slot Kouryaku Series DS Vol. 4 - CR Shinseiki Evangelion - Saigo no Shisha (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hisshou Pachinko Pachi-Slot Kouryaku Series DS Vol. 5 - Shinseiki Evangelion - Tamashii no Kiseki (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Histoire de France pour les Nuls, L' (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/History - Great Empires - Rome (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/History - Great Empires - Rome (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/HMH Vokabeltrainer - Englisch (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/HMH Vokabeltrainer - Franzoesisch (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/HMH Vokabeltrainer - Spanisch (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hokkaido Hatsu! 'Dosanko Wide' ga DS ni Narimashita. - Hoshizawa Sachiko no Temanashi Raku Raku Gohan (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hokuto no Ken - Hokuto Shinken Denshousha no Michi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hollands Supermodel - Win de Strijd op de Catwalk! (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Holly Hobbie & Friends (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Holly Hobbie & Friends (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hollywood Files - Deadly Intrigues (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Home Designer - Perfekt Gestylte Zimmer (Germany) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Homie Rollerz (USA) (En,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Honda ATV Fever (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Honeycomb Beat (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Honeycomb Beat (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hop (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hop - The Movie (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hoppie (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Horrible Histories - Ruthless Romans (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Horrid Henry - Missions of Mischief (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Horrid Henry's Horrid Adventure (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Horse & Foal - My Riding Stables (Europe) (En,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Horse & Foal - My Riding Stables (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Horse & Foal - My Riding Stables (Europe) (En,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Horse Life (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Horse Life - Adventures (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Horse Life 3 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Horseland (Europe) (En,De,Nl,Sv) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Horseland (Europe) (Fr,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Horsez (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hoshi no Kirby - Sanjou! Dorotche Dan (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hoshi no Kirby Ultra Super Deluxe (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hoshigami (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hoshigami (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hoshigami (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hoshigami (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hoshigami - Ruining Blue Earth - Remix (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hoshizora Navi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hoshizora no Comic Garden (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hospital Giant (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hot Wheels - Battle Force 5 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hot Wheels - Battle Force 5 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hot Wheels - Beat That! (Europe) (Fr,De,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hot Wheels - Beat That! (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hot Wheels - Beat That! (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hot Wheels - Track Attack (Brazil) (En,Es,Pt) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hot Wheels - Track Attack (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hot Wheels - Track Attack (USA) (En,Fr) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hotel Deluxe (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hotel Deluxe - Greif nach den Sternen (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hotel Dusk - Room 215 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hotel Dusk - Room 215 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hotel Duskui Bimil (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hotel for Dogs (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hotel for Dogs (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hotel Giant DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hotel Giant DS (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hotel Transylvania (Europe) (En,Fr,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hotel Transylvania (Europe) (En,Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hotel Transylvania (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hotel Transylvania (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hottarake no Shima - Kanata to Nijiiro no Kagami (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Houkago Mystery Club - 26 no Tobira (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Houkago Shounen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/House M.D. - The Official Game (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/How to Pass Your Driving Test (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/How to Train Your Dragon (Europe) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/How to Train Your Dragon (Europe) (Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/How to Train Your Dragon (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hudson x GReeeeN - Live! DeeeeS! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hugo - Den forsvundne Kaempe (Denmark).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hugo - Kampen om Krystalkortet (Denmark).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hugo - Magic in the Trollwoods (Europe) (Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hugo - Trollakademin 1 - Den Forsvunna Jatten (Europe) (Sv,No).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hugo - Trollakademin 2 - Jakten pa Kristallkartan (Europe) (Sv,No).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hugo - Zauberei im Trollwald (Europe) (En,De,Es,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Huis Anubis, Het - De Donkere Strijd (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Huis Anubis, Het - Het Geheim van Osiris (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Humans, The - Meet the Ancestors! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Humans, The - Meet the Ancestors! (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hurry Up Hedgehog! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hurry Up Hedgehog! (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hwansangsuhojeon - Tierkreis (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hysteria Hospital - Emergency Ward (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hysteria Hospital - Emergency Ward (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/I Am an... Air Traffic Controller by DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/I Did It Mum! - Boy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/I Did It Mum! - Doll's House (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/I Did It Mum! - Girl (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/I Did It Mum! - Picture Book (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/I Did It Mum! - Spelling (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/I Did It Mum! 2 - Boy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/I Did It Mum! 2 - Girl (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/I Heart Geeks (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/I Love Babies (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/I Love Beauty - Hollywood Makeover (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/I Love Beauty - Hollywood Makeover (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/I Love Dogs - My Cute Puppies (Europe) (Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/I Love Dolphin (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/I Love Horses (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/I Love Horses (Europe) (En,Fr,Es,It,Nl) (Rev 1) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/I Love Horses (Europe) (En,Fr,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/I Love Horses (Europe) (Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/I Love Horses (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/I Love Puppies (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/I SPY Castle (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/I Spy Fun House (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/I Spy Fun House (Europe) (En,Ru) (Beta).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/I Spy Fun House (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/I Spy Fun House (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/I Spy Game Pack (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/I SPY Universe (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/I'm a Celebrity - Get Me Out of Here! (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/iCarly (Australia) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/iCarly (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/iCarly (USA) (En,Fr) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/iCarly - Groovy Foodie! (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/iCarly - Groovy Foodie! (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/iCarly 2 - iJoin the Click! (Europe) (En,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/iCarly 2 - iJoin the Click! (USA) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ice Age - Dawn of the Dinosaurs (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ice Age 2 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ice Age 2 - The Meltdown (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ice Age 2 - The Meltdown (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ice Age 3 - Dawn of the Dinosaurs (Europe) (De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ice Age 3 - Dawn of the Dinosaurs (Europe) (En,Sv).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ice Age 3 - Dawn of the Dinosaurs (Europe) (Fr,Nl) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ice Age 4 - Continental Drift - Arctic Games (Europe) (De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ice Age 4 - Continental Drift - Arctic Games (Europe) (En,Sv).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ice Age 4 - Continental Drift - Arctic Games (Europe) (Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ice Age 4 - Continental Drift - Arctic Games (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ichido wa Yon de Okitai - Nihon Bungaku 100-sen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ico Soccer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Idaten Jump DS - Moero! Flame Kaiser (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Idol Janshi Suchie-Pai III Remix (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Idolm@ster, The - Dearly Stars (Japan) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Igor - The Game (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Igor - The Game (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ikamono Tantei - Ikatan (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/IKOU - Intelligenztrainer fuer Kids (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/IL-2 Sturmovik - Birds of Prey (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/IL-2 Sturmovik - Birds of Prey (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Illu-Logi VOW (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Illumislight - Hikari no Puzzle (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Illust Logic DS + Colorful Logic (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Animal Doctor (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Animal Doctor Care Center (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Artist (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Artist (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Babies (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Baby Club (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Babysitters (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Babyz (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Babyz Fashion (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Ballet Dancer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Ballet Star (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Beauty Stylist (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Boutique Owner (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Champion Rider (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Champion Rider (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Cheerleader (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Detective (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Detective Adventures (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Doctor (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Dream Resort (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Dream Weddings (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Family Doctor (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Fashion Designer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Fashion Designer (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Fashion Designer - New York (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Fashion Designer - World Tour (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Fashion Model (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Fashion Paradise (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Fashion Stylist (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Figure Skater (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Figure Skater (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Girl Band (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Girl Band (Europe) (En,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Gymnast (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Gymnast (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Happy Cooking (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Happy Cooking (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Happy Cooking (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Ice Champions (USA) (En,Fr,Es) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Interior Designer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Interior Designer (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Journalist (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Makeup Artist (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Master Chef (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Modern Dancer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Movie Star (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Movie Star (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Music Fest (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - My Boutique (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - My Restaurant (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Party Planner (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Party Planner (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Pet Vet (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Reporter (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Rescue Vet (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Resort Owner (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Rock Star (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Salon Stylist (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Soccer Captain (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Sweet 16 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Teacher (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Teacher (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Teacher - Class Trip (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Teacher - School Trip (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Wedding Designer (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Wildlife Keeper (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imagine - Zookeeper (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imasugu Tsukaeru Mamechishiki - Quiz Zatsugaku-ou DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Imi made Wakaru - Otona no Jukugo Renshuu - Kadokawa Ruigo Shin Jiten kara 5-man Mon (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Impara con Pokemon - Avventura Tra i Tasti (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Impossible Mission (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Impossible Mission (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Inazuma Eleven (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Inazuma Eleven (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Inazuma Eleven (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Inazuma Eleven (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Inazuma Eleven (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Inazuma Eleven (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Inazuma Eleven (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Inazuma Eleven 2 - Blizzard (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Inazuma Eleven 2 - Bufera di Neve (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Inazuma Eleven 2 - Eissturm (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Inazuma Eleven 2 - Feuersturm (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Inazuma Eleven 2 - Firestorm (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Inazuma Eleven 2 - Kyoui no Shinryakusha - Blizzard (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Inazuma Eleven 2 - Kyoui no Shinryakusha - Blizzard (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Inazuma Eleven 2 - Kyoui no Shinryakusha - Fire (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Inazuma Eleven 2 - Kyoui no Shinryakusha - Fire (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Inazuma Eleven 2 - Tempesta di Fuoco (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Inazuma Eleven 2 - Tempete de Feu (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Inazuma Eleven 2 - Tempete de Glace (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Inazuma Eleven 2 - Tormenta de Fuego (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Inazuma Eleven 2 - Ventisca Eterna (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Inazuma Eleven 3 - Sekai e no Chousen!! - Bomber (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Inazuma Eleven 3 - Sekai e no Chousen!! - Spark (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Inazuma Eleven 3 - Sekai e no Chousen!! - The Ogre (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Incollables CE1-CE2, Les (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Incollables CM1-CM2, Les (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Incollables CP, Les (France) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Incredible Hulk, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Incredible Hulk, The (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Incredibles, The - Rise of the Underminer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Incredibles, The - Rise of the Underminer (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Incredibles, The - Rise of the Underminer (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Indiana Jones and the Staff of Kings (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Indiana Jones and the Staff of Kings (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Indianapolis 500 Legends (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Indoor Sports Club (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Indosik Dunoe Suhak (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Infinite Space (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Infinite Space (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Inkheart (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Inkheart (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Insecticide (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Intellivision Lives! (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Interactive Storybook DS - Series 1 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Interactive Storybook DS - Series 2 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Interactive Storybook DS - Series 3 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Internado, El - Laguna Negra (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/International Athletics (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Intervilles - Fais Gagner Ta Ville! - Le Jeu Officiel (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Inu Gaisha (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Inugamike no Ichizoku (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/InuYasha - Secret of the Divine Jewel (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ippan Zaidan Houjin Nihon Kanji Shuujukudo Kentei Kikou Kounin - Kanjukuken DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Iron Chef America - Supreme Cuisine (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Iron Feather (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Iron Man (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Iron Man (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Iron Man 2 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Iron Man 2 - The Video Game (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Iron Master - The Legendary Blacksmith (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Iron Master - Wanggugui Yusangwa Segaeui Yeolsoe (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Irozuki Tingle no Koi no Balloon Trip (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Isanghan Naraui Princess (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ishin no Arashi - Shippuu Ryouma Den (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Isola dei Famosi, L' (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/It's Tehodoki! Hannya Shingyou Nyuumon (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Itadaki Street DS - Dragon Quest Super Mario (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Item Getter - Bokura no Kagaku to Mahou no Kankei (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/iTouch DS (World) (Unl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Itouke no Urawaza DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Itsudemo Dokodemo - Onita Atsushi no Seiji Quiz DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Itsudemo Dokodemo Dekiru Igo - AI Igo DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Itsudemo Dokodemo Dekiru Shougi - AI Shougi DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Itsumo no Shokuzai de Dekichau Suteki na Sweets to Gochisou. (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Itsuwari no Rondo (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ivy the Kiwi (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ivy the Kiwi (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ivy the Kiwi - Tsuta ga Michibiku Monogatari. (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Izuna - Legend of the Unemployed Ninja (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Izuna - The Legend of the Ninja (Europe) (En,Fr,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Izuna 2 - The Unemployed Ninja Returns (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/J'Apprends l'Anglais CP-CM1 (Europe) (Fr,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/J4G - A Girl's World (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jackass - The Game DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jackass - The Game DS (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jacqueline Wilson's Tracy Beaker - The Game (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jagged Alliance (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jaka Jaka Music! M09 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jake Hunter - Detective Chronicles (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jake Hunter Detective Story - Memories of the Past (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jake Power - Firefighter (Australia) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jake Power - Fireman (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jake Power - Handyman (Australia) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jake Power - Handyman (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jake Power - Policeman (Australia) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jake Power - Policeman (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jam Sessions - Sing & Play Guitar (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jam Sessions - Sing and Play Guitar (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jam Sessions 2 (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jam with the Band (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jambo! Safari - Animal Rescue (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jambo! Safari - Animal Rescue (USA) (En,Fr,De,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/James Cameron's Avatar - The Game (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/James Cameron's Avatar - The Game (Japan) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/James Cameron's Avatar - The Game (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/James Patterson Women's Murder Club - Games of Passion (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/James Patterson Women's Murder Club - Games of Passion (USA) (En,Fr) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/James Pond - Codename Robocod (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/James Pond - Codename Robocod (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jan Sangoku Musou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jane's Hotel (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jane's Hotel (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jason Rohrer with Music by Tom Bailey - Diamond Trust of London (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Je Decouvre les Echecs (Europe) (Fr,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jelly Belly - Ballistic Beans! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jelly Belly - Ballistic Beans! (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jenga - World Tour (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jenga - World Tour (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jeoldaepiryo - Yeongsugeo 1000 DS (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jeoldaeuwi - Yeongdaneo 1900 DS (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jeongukmin Model Audition Superstar DS (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jeopardy! (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jet Impulse (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jetix Puzzle Buzzle (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Adventures (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Adventures (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Land (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Legends - Tree of Life (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Legends - Tree of Life (Europe) (En,Fr,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Link - Arctic Quest (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Link - Atlantic Quest (Europe) (Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Link - Atlantic Quest (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Link - Galactic Quest (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Link - Legends of Atlantis (Europe) (En,Fr,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Link - Safari Quest (Europe) (Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Link - Safari Quest (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Link Chronicles - Legend of Athena (Europe) (En,Fr,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Link Double Pack (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Link Mysteries - Mountains of Madness (Europe) (En,Fr,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Link Mysteries - Mountains of Madness (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Master - Atlantis (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Master - Cradle of Athena (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Master - Cradle of Athena (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Master - Cradle of Egypt (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Master - Cradle of Egypt (Europe) (En,Fr,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Master - Cradle of Egypt 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Master - Cradle of Egypt 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Master - Cradle of Egypt 2 (USA) (En,Fr,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Master - Cradle of Persia (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Master - Cradle of Persia (Europe) (En,Fr,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Master - Cradle of Persia (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Master - Cradle of Rome (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Master - Cradle of Rome (Germany) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Master - Cradle of Rome 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Master - Cradle of Rome 2 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Master - Egypt (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Master Collection (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Match & 4 Elements (Germany) (Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Match (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Match (Europe) (En,Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Match (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Match 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Match 3 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Quest - Expeditions (Europe) (En,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Quest - Expeditions (Europe) (En,Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Quest - Expeditions (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Quest - Expeditions (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Quest - Mysteries (Europe) (En,Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Quest - Mysteries (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Quest - Mysteries - 2 Tolle Wimmelbild-Abenteuer (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Quest - Mysteries - Curse of the Emerald Tear (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Quest - Solitaire (France) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Quest - Solitaire - 3 Tolle Solitaire-Spiele (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Quest - Solitaire - Solitaire with a Twist! (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Quest - Solitaire Trio (Europe) (En,Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Quest - Solitaire Trio (Europe) (Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Quest - Solitaire Trio (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Quest - Solitaire Trio (USA) (En,Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Quest 5 - The Sleepless Star (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Quest IV - Heritage (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Quest Mysteries 2 - Trail of the Midnight Heart (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Time Deluxe (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewel Time Deluxe (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewelpet - Kawaii Mahou no Fantasy (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewelpet - Mahou no DS Kirapikarin (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewelpet - Mahou no Oheya de Issho ni Asobou! (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewels of the Ages (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewels of the Ages (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewels of the Tropical Lost Island (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jewels of the Tropical Lost Island (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jigapix - Love is (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jigapix - Pets (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jigapix - Pets (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jigapix - Wild World (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jigapix - Wild World (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jigapix - Wonderful World (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jigapix - Wonderful World (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jigoku Shoujo - Akekazura (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jigsaw Puzzle DS - DS de Meguru Sekai Isan no Tabi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jigsaw World - Daigekitou! Jig Battle Heroes (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jiji Tsuushin Shuppan-Kyoku Kyouryoku - Katei no Igaku - DS de Kitaeru Shokuzai Kenkou Training (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jillian Michaels Fitness Ultimatum 2010 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jin Samguk Mussang DS - Fighter's Battle (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jinsei Game (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jinsei Game DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jinsei Game Q - DS Heisei no Dekigoto (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jinsei Game Q - DS Shouwa no Dekigoto (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jishin DS 72-jikan (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jissen Pachi-Slot Hisshouhou! DS - Aladdin II Evolution (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jissen Pachi-Slot Hisshouhou! DS - Hokuto no Ken (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jissen Pachi-Slot Hisshouhou! DS - Hokuto no Ken SE (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jjangguneun Monmallyeo - Cinemaland Chalkak Chalkak Daesodong! (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jjangguneun Monmallyeo - Mallangmallang Gomuchalheuk Daebyeonsin! (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jjangguneun Monmallyeo DS - Alssongdalssong Crayon Daejakjeon! (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Joan Jade and the Gates of Xibalba (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/John Deere - Harvest in the Heartland (USA) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/John Deere - Harvest in the Heartland (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Johnny Bravo in the Hukka-Mega-Mighty-Ultra-Extreme Date-O-Rama! (Europe) (En,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Johnny Bravo in the Hukka-Mega-Mighty-Ultra-Extreme Date-O-Rama! (USA) (En,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Johnny no Dasshutsu Daisakusen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Johnny Test (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jojo's Fashion Show (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jojo's Fashion Show - Design in a Dash! (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jonas (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jonas (Europe) (En,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jonas (USA) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jonas (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Josefiina Alkupolku - Englannin Kieli - Mysteeri Lontoossa (Finland).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Josefiina Alkupolku - Matematiikka - Sumua Lukukylan ylla (Finland).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Josefiina Alkupolku - Seikkailumaa - Unelmien peili (Finland).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Josefin Skolhjaelp - Svenska - Kaos i Kommakoeping (Sweden).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Josefin Skolhjalp - Engelska - Mystery in London (Sweden).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Josefin Skolhjalp - Lar Dig Stava - Stavning eller Kaos (Sweden).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Josefin Skolhjalp - Matematik - Dimma over Sifferkoping (Sweden).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Josefin Skolhjalp och Dromspegeln (Sweden).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Josefine - Hotell Skrotenborg (Norway).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Josefine - Jungelskatten (Norway).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Josefine - Magi i Eventyrland (Europe) (Sv,No) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Josefine og Droemmespeilet (Norway) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Josefine Skolehjelp - Engelsk - Mystery in London (Norway).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Josefine Skolehjelp - Laer a stave - Staving eller Kaos (Norway).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Josefine Skolehjelp - Matematikk - Taake i Tallheimen (Norway).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Josefine Skolehjelp - Norsk - Kaos i Kommaby (Norway).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Joshikousei Nigeru! - Shinrei Puzzle Gakuen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Journey to the Center of the Earth (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Journey to the Center of the Earth (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Juggler DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Juiced 2 - Hot Import Nights (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Juiced 2 - Hot Import Nights (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jumble Madness (USA) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jump Super Stars (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jump Ultimate Stars (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/JumpStart - Deep Sea Escape (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/JumpStart - Legend of Lost Island (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jungle School (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Junior Brain Trainer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Junior Brain Trainer (Europe) (Fr,Nl,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Junior Brain Trainer (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Junior Brain Trainer - Math Edition (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Junior Brain Trainer - Maths Edition (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Junior Brain Trainer 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Junior Brain Trainer 2 (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Junior Classic Books & Fairytales (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Junior Classic Books (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Junior Classic Games (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Junior Classic Games (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Junior Classic Games (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Junior Island Adventure (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Junior Mystery Quest (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Junior Mystery Stories (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Junior Mystery Stories (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Junior Wort-Quiz, Das (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Just in Time Translations - Say It in 6 Languages (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Just Sing (USA) (En,Fr) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Just Sing! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Just Sing! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl) (Rev 1) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Just Sing! - Vol. 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De) (VJVP) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Just Sing! - Vol. 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De) (VJVV) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Just Sing! - Vol. 3 (Europe) (En,Fr,De) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Justice League Heroes (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Justice League Heroes (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Juushin Enbu DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Juushinden - Ultimate Beast Battlers (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/K-1 World GP - Zettai Ouja Ikusei Keikaku (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/K11 - Kommissare im Einsatz (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/K3 en de Vrolijke Noten (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/K3 en het IJsprinsesje (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/K3 Fashion Party (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/K3 Karaoke (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kabu Trader Shun (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kabushiki Baibai Trainer - Kabutore! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kabushiki Baibai Trainer - Kabutore! Next (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kachou Shima Kosaku DS - Dekiru Otoko no Love & Success (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kage no Densetsu - The Legend of Kage 2 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kageyama Hideo no Hanpuku Ondoku - DS Eigo - Shougaku Eigo Hisshuu Drill (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kageyama Hideo no IQ Teacher DS - Kangaeru Chikara to Oboeru Chikara (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kaibou Seirigaku DS - Touch de Hirogaru! Jintai no Kouzou to Kinou (Japan) (Rev 2) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kaibou Seirigaku DS - Touch de Hirogaru! Jintai no Kouzou to Kinou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kaidan Restaurant - Ura Menu 100-sen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kaidan Restaurant - Zoku! Shin Menu 100-sen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kaigo Navi DS (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kaijuu Busters (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kaijuu Busters Powered (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kaite Oboeru - Doragana (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kaite, Shabette, Hajimeyou! - Monster Farm DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kaitou Rousseau (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kaitou Wario the Seven (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kaitou Wario the Seven (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kaizoku Sentai Gokaiger - Atsumete Henshin! 35 Sentai! (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kakikomi Shiki - 'Hannya Shingyou' Renshuuchou DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kakko Yoku Narou - Kaku-chan Shiki - Kintore Navi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kakuromaniacs (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kakushi E Mystery - Riku to Yohan - Kieta 2-mai no E (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kalle Kunskap - 4-7 Aar (Europe) (Sv,No,Da,Fi) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kalle Kunskap Matematik 4-8 ar (Europe) (Sv,No).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kameleon (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kamen Rider - Dragon Knight (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kamen Rider Battle - GanbaRide - Card Battle Taisen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kamonohashikamo. - Aimai Seikatsu no Susume (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kanbayashi Shiki Nouryoku Kaihatsu Hou - Unou Kids DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kangaeru Chikara o Gun Gun Nobasu! - DS Youji no Noutore (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kanji no Wataridori (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kanji no Wataridori (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kanji Sonomama - DS Rakubiki Jiten (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kankyou Jidai no Koushiki Kentei - Eco Kentei DS - Tokyo Shoukou Kaigisho Kanshuu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kanshuu - Shuukan Pro Wrestling - Pro Wrestling Kentei DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kanshuu Nihon Joushiki Ryoku Kentei Kyoukai - Imasara Hito ni wa Kikenai - Otona no Joushiki Ryoku Training DS (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kanshuu Nihon Joushiki Ryoku Kentei Kyoukai - Imasara Hito ni wa Kikenai - Otona no Joushiki Ryoku Training DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kantan! Tanoshii! - Okashi Navi DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Karada Support Kenkyuujo - Tounyoubyou Hen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Karada, Yorokobu Shokuji & Exercise - Kenkou Kentei (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Karasawa Shunichi no Zettai ni Ukeru!! - Zatsugakuen DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Karrablast-shelmet Distribution 2011 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kaseki Chou Shinka - Spectrobes (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Katei de Dekiru! Chomeijin Yuumei Ryourinin no Original Recipe - Shokusai Roman (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Katekyoo Hitman Reborn! DS - Fate of Heat - Honoo no Sadame (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Katekyoo Hitman Reborn! DS - Fate of Heat II - Unmei no Futari (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Katekyoo Hitman Reborn! DS - Fate of Heat III - Yuki no Shugosha Raishuu! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Katekyoo Hitman Reborn! DS - Flame Rumble - Kaien Ring Soudatsusen! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Katekyoo Hitman Reborn! DS - Flame Rumble - Mukuro Kyoushuu! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Katekyoo Hitman Reborn! DS - Flame Rumble Hyper - Moeyo Mirai (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Katekyoo Hitman Reborn! DS - Flame Rumble X - Mirai Chou Bakuhatsu!! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Katekyoo Hitman Reborn! DS - Flame Rumble XX - Chou Kessen! Real 6 Chouka (Japan) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Katekyoo Hitman Reborn! DS - Mafia Daishuugou! - Vongola Festival!! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Katekyoo Hitman Reborn! DS - Ore ga Boss! - Saikyou Family Taisen (Japan) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Katekyoo Hitman Reborn! DS - Shinuki Max! Vongola Carnival!! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Katekyoo Hitman Reborn! DS - Vongola Shiki - Taisen Battle Sugoroku (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kawa no Nushi Tsuri - Komorebi no Tani, Seseragi no Uta (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kawaii Koinu DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kawaii Koinu DS 2 (Japan) (Rev 2).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kawaii Koinu DS 2 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kawaii Koinu DS 3 (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kawaii Koneko DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kawaii Koneko DS 2 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kawaii Koneko DS 3 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kayou Generation, The (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kazoku Minna de - Nihon Shiatsu Shikai Kanshuu - Raku Raku Shiatsu Navi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Keiba Navi - Umanosuke (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Keiba Techou - Umanosuke 2 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Keiji J.B. Harold no Jikenbo - Manhattan Requiem & Kiss of Murder (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Keiji J.B. Harold no Jikenbo - Murder Club (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Keitai Sousakan 7 DS - Buddy Sequence (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kekkaishi - Karasumori Ayakashi Kidan (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kekkaishi - Karasumori Ayakashi Kidan (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kekkaishi - Kokubourou Shuurai (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Keldeo Distribution 2012 (USA, Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Keltis - Das Spiel von Reiner Knizia (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kemeko Deluxe! DS - Yome to Meka to Otoko to Onna (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kenkou Ouen Recipe 1000 - DS Kondate Zenshuu (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kenkou Ouen Recipe 1000 - DS Kondate Zenshuu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kenshuui Tendo Dokuta (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kenshuui Tendo Dokuta 2 - Inochi no Tenbin (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kero Kero 7 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Keroro Gunsou - Enshuu Da yo! - Zenin Shuugou Part 2 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Keroro RPG - Kishi to Musha to Densetsu no Kaizoku (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Keshikasu-kun - Battle Kasu-tival (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ketsui Death Label - Kizuna Jigoku-tachi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kid Paddle - Blorks Invasion (Europe) (Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kid Paddle - Lost in the Game (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kidou Gekidan Haro Ichiza - Gundam Mahjong +Z - Sarani Dekiru You ni Natta Na! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kidou Gekidan Haro Ichiza - Gundam Mahjong DS - Oyaji ni mo Agarareta Koto nai no ni! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kidou Senshi Gundam 00 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kids DS - Dekita yo! Mama. - Onnanoko (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kids DS - Dekita yo! Mama. - Otokonoko (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kids Learn & Play - Pets & Vets Bundle (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kids Learn - 2Think - A+ Edition (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kids Learn - Math - A+ Edition (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kids Learn - Math and Spelling Bundle (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kids Learn - Spelling and Grammar - A+ Edition (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kids Learn Music - A+ Edition (USA) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kiite Hajimeru - Eigo Kaiwa Training - Kikitore (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kikansha Thomas - DS de Hajimeru Chiiku Gakushuu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kikansha Thomas - DS de Hajimeru Kokugo Sansuu Eigo (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kiku! Kaku! Kotoba o Fuyasu! - Hajimete no Eigo Training - Eitore (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kilari - Deviens une Star (Europe) (En,Fr,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kilari - Na-san, Mon Meilleur Ami (Europe) (Fr,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kim Possible - Global Gemini (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kim Possible - Global Gemini (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kim Possible - Kimmunicator (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kim Possible - Kimmunicator (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kimi ni Todoke - Sodateru Omoi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kimi ni Todoke - Special (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kimi ni Todoke - Tsutaeru Kimochi (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kimi no Tame Nara Shineru (Japan) (En,Ja).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kimi no Yuusha (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kimochi yosa Rensa Puzzle - Trion Cube (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kimokawa-E! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kindaichi Shounen no Jikenbo - Akuma no Satsujin Koukai (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kingdom Hearts - 358-2 Days (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kingdom Hearts - 358-2 Days (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kingdom Hearts - 358-2 Days (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kingdom Hearts - 358-2 Days (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kingdom Hearts - Re-coded (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kingdom Hearts - Re-coded (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kingdom Hearts - Re-coded (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kira Kira Pop Princess (Europe) (En,Fr,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kirakira Rhythm Collection (Japan) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kirarin Revolution - Atsumete Change! - Cool Kira Coord (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kirarin Revolution - Kira Kira Idol Audition (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kirarin Revolution - Mezase Idol Queen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kirarin Revolution - Minna de Odorou Furi Furi Debut! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kirarin Revolution - Naa-san to Issho (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kirarin Revolution - Tsukutte Misechao! - Kime Kira Stage (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kirby - Canvas Curse (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kirby - Canvas Curse (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kirby - Mouse Attack (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kirby - Power Paintbrush (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kirby - Squeak Squad (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kirby - Squeak Squad (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kirby Mass Attack (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kirby Mass Attack (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kirby Super Star Ultra (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kirby Super Star Ultra (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kirby Super Star Ultra (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kirby Ultra Super Deluxe (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kirei Zukin Seikatsu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kirei Zukin Seikatsu 2 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kirihara Shoten Forest - Eigo@DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kirihara Shoten Kanshuu - Daigakusei Ryoku Kentei DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kirikou and the Wild Beasts (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kiwami Birei Aquarium - Sekai no Sakana to Iruka Kujira-tachi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Knerten Gets Married (Europe) (En,De,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Knigge - Spielend zum Guten Benehmen (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Knights in the Nightmare (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Knights in the Nightmare (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Knobel- und Denkspiele (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Knobel- und Denkspiele 2 (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Knock 'Em Downs - World's Fair (Europe) (En,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Knock 'Em Downs - World's Fair (USA) (En,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Know How - Think and Play outside the Box (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Know How 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kobun Kanbun DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kochira Katsushika Ku Kameari Kouen Mae Hashutsujo - Kateba Tengoku! Makereba Jigoku! - Ryoutsu-ryuu Ikkakusenkin Daisakusen! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kochkurs - Was Wollen Wir Heute Kochen (Germany) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kochkurs - Was Wollen Wir Heute Kochen (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kodai Ouja Kyouryuu King - 7-tsu no Kakera (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kodawari Saihai Simulation - Ochanoma Pro Yakyuu DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kodawari Saihai Simulation - Ochanoma Pro Yakyuu DS - 2010 Nendo Ban (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kodawari Saihai Simulation - Ochanoma Pro Yakyuu DS - 2010 Nendo Ban (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kodomo no Tame no Yomi Kikase - Ehon de Asobou 1-kan (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kodomo no Tame no Yomi Kikase - Ehon de Asobou 2-kan (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kodomo no Tame no Yomi Kikase - Ehon de Asobou 3-kan (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kodomo no Tame no Yomi Kikase - Ehon de Asobou 4-kan (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kodomo no Tame no Yomi Kikase - Ehon de Asobou 5-kan (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kodomo no Tame no Yomi Kikase - Ehon de Asobou 6-kan (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Koe de Asobou - HeartCatch PreCure! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Koh-Lanta (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Koh-Lanta - Survie dans la Jungle! (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Koinu de Kururin (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Koisuru Purin! - Koi wa Daibouken! Dr. Kanmi no Yabou! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kokoro ga Mezameru - Otoko-tachi no Nurie DS - Tamiya Box Art (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kokoro ga Uruou - Birei Aquarium DS - Kujira, Iruka, Penguin (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kokoro ga Uruou - Birei Aquarium DS - Tetra, Guppy, Angelfish (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kokoro ni Shimiru - Mouhitsu de Kaku - Aida Mitsuo DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kokoro o Yasumeru - Otona no Nurie DS (Japan) (Rev 2).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kokoro o Yasumeru - Otona no Nurie DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kokoro o Yasumeru - Otona no Nurie DS 2 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kolonisten van Catan, De (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Koma Neko DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Konami Arcade Classics (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Konami Arcade Collection (Japan) (En,Ja).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Konami Classics Series - Arcade Hits (USA) (En,Ja).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Konchuu Wars (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Konductra (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Konnichiwa Akachan (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kono Quiz Yarou!! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Konzentration und Aufmerksamkeit 1.-4. Klasse (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kore de Haji o Kakanai - Ashita Tsukaeru DS Business Manner (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Korg DS-10 Synthesizer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Korg DS-10 Synthesizer (Japan) (En).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Korg DS-10 Synthesizer (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Korg DS-10+ Synthesizer (Japan) (NDSi Enhanced) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Korg DS-10+ Synthesizer (USA) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Korg DS-10+ Synthesizer Limited Edition (Japan) (En,Ja) (NDSi Enhanced) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Korg M01 Music Workstation (Japan) (En).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kotoba no Puzzle - Mojipittan DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kou Rate Ura Mahjong Retsuden - Mukoubuchi - Goburei, Last Desu ne (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kou-chan no Shiawase! Kantan! Oryouri Recipe (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kouchuu Kakutou - Mushi-1 Grand-Prix (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kouchuu Ouja Mushi King - Greatest Champion e no Michi 2 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kouchuu Ouja Mushi King - Greatest Champion e no Michi DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kouchuu Ouja Mushi King Super Collection (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kouenji Joshi Soccer 2 - Koi wa Nebagiba Kouenji (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Koukou Juken Eitango Get Through 1900 - Eitan Zamurai DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Koukou Yakyuu-dou DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Koushounin DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kousoku Card Battle - Card Hero (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kreuzwortraetsel DS - Welt Edition (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kumatanchi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kung Fu Panda (Canada) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kung Fu Panda (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kung Fu Panda (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kung Fu Panda (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kung Fu Panda (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kung Fu Panda (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kung Fu Panda (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kung Fu Panda (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kung Fu Panda (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kung Fu Panda (Sweden).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kung Fu Panda (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kung Fu Panda - Legendary Warriors (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kung Fu Panda - Legendary Warriors (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kung Fu Panda 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kung Fu Panda 2 (USA) (En,Fr) (VKUE) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kung Fu Panda 2 (USA) (En,Fr) (VKUY) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kung Zhu (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kung Zhu (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kung Zhu (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kunio-kun no Chou Nekketsu! - Daiundoukai (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kunio-kun no Chou Nekketsu! - Soccer League Plus - World Hyper Cup Hen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kunitori Zunou Battle - Nobunaga no Yabou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kupuu!! Mamegoma! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kurayami no Hate de Kimi o Matsu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kurikin - Nano Island Story (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kurikuri DS - Otasuke Island (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kuroshitsuji - Phantom & Ghost (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/KuruKuru Chameleon DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/KuruKuru Princess - Figure de KiraKira Koori no Angel (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/KuruKuru Princess - Tokimeki Figure - Mezase! Vancouver (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/KuruKuru Princess - Yume no White Quartet (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kuruma de DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kurupoto - Atama ni Piritto Supplement Puzzle (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kurupoto - Cool Cool Stars (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kururin Doughnut - Okashi na Recipe (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kutsushita Nyanko - Shiroi Kutsushita o Haita Neko to Kurashi Hajimemashita. (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kuukan Zukei - Hirameki Training - Kuutore (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kuwagata Tsumami - Kuttsuke! Tsumami Bako (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kyokugen Dasshutsu - 9-jikan, 9-nin, 9 no Tobira (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kyou kara DS - Calorie Navi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kyouryuu Ikusei Battle RPG - Kyouryuu Monster (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kyouryuu Ouja Ketteisen - Kyouryuu Grand Prix (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kyouryuu Taisen Dino Champ - Saikyou DNA Hakkutsu Daisakusen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kyuukyuu Kyuumei Caduceus 2 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/L - The Prologue to Death Note - Rasen no Trap (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/L.O.L. (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Labyrinth (Europe) (En,Fr,De) (Ravensburger).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Labyrinth (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Labyrinth (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It) (Rev 1) (Ravensburger).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Labyrinth (Europe) (Fr,Nl) (Ravensburger).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Labyrinth (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lalaloopsy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lalaloopsy (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lalaloopsy - Carnival of Friends (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lanfeust of Troy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Langenscheidt Basic-Woerterbuch Englisch (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Langenscheidt VokabelStar Englisch fuer Einsteiger (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lapin Malin - J'Apprends a Lire et a Ecrire (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lara Croft Tomb Raider - Legend (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lara Croft Tomb Raider - Legend (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Last Bullet (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Last Window - Mayonaka no Yakusoku (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Last Window - The Secret of Cape West (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Layton Gyosuwa Angmaui Sangja (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Layton Gyosuwa Isanghan Maeul (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Layton Kyouju to Akuma no Hako (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Layton Kyouju to Akuma no Hako (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Layton Kyouju to Akuma no Hako - Friendly Ban (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Layton Kyouju to Fushigi na Machi (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Layton Kyouju to Fushigi na Machi (Japan) (Rev 2).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Layton Kyouju to Fushigi na Machi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Layton Kyouju to Fushigi na Machi - Friendly Ban (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Layton Kyouju to Majin no Fue (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Layton Kyouju to Majin no Fue (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Layton Kyouju to Saigo no Jikan Ryokou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Learn Chess (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Learn Geography (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Learn Math (USA) (En,Es) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Learn Science (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Learn to Play Chess with Fritz & Chesster (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Learn with Pokemon - Typing Adventure (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Learning Maths (Europe) (En,Fr,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Learning To Spell (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lecons de Cuisine - Qu'Allons-Nous Manger Aujourd'hui (France) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lecons de Cuisine - Qu'Allons-Nous Manger Aujourd'hui (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Left Brain, Right Brain - Use Both Hands, Train Both Sides (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Left Brain, Right Brain 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Left Brain, Right Brain 2 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Left or Right - Ambidextrous Challenge (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Legacy of Ys - Books I & II (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Legend of Kage 2, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Legend of Kage 2, The (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Legend of Kay (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Legend of Kay (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Legend of Spyro, The - A New Beginning (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Legend of Spyro, The - A New Beginning (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Legend of Spyro, The - Dawn of the Dragon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Legend of Spyro, The - Dawn of the Dragon (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Legend of Spyro, The - The Eternal Night (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Legend of Spyro, The - The Eternal Night (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Legend of the Guardians - The Owls of Ga'Hoole (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Legend of the Guardians - The Owls of Ga'Hoole (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Legend of Zelda, The - Phantom Hourglass (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Legend of Zelda, The - Phantom Hourglass (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Legend of Zelda, The - Phantom Hourglass (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Legend of Zelda, The - Phantom Hourglass (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Legend of Zelda, The - Spirit Tracks (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Legend of Zelda, The - Spirit Tracks (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Legend of Zelda, The - Spirit Tracks (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Legend of Zelda, The - Spirit Tracks (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Legend of Zelda, The - Spirit Tracks (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Legend of Zelda, The - Spirit Tracks (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Legend of Zelda, The - Twilight Princess - Preview Trailer (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Legendary Starfy, The (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Legendary Starfy, The (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Batman - The Videogame (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Batman - The Videogame (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Batman - The Videogame (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Batman 2 - DC Super Heroes (Europe) (En,De) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Batman 2 - DC Super Heroes (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Batman 2 - DC Super Heroes (Europe) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Batman 2 - DC Super Heroes (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Da) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Batman 2 - DC Super Heroes (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Batman 2 - DC Super Heroes (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Battles (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Battles (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Battles - Ninjago (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Friends (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Friends (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Harry Potter - Years 1-4 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Harry Potter - Years 1-4 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Harry Potter - Years 5-7 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Harry Potter - Years 5-7 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Indiana Jones - The Original Adventures (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Indiana Jones - The Original Adventures (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Indiana Jones 2 - The Adventure Continues (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Indiana Jones 2 - The Adventure Continues (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Legends of Chima - Laval's Journey (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Legends of Chima - Laval's Journey (France) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Legends of Chima - Laval's Journey (Germany) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Legends of Chima - Laval's Journey (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Marvel Super Heroes - L'Univers en Peril (France) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Marvel Super Heroes - Universe in Peril (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Marvel Super Heroes - Universe in Peril (Germany) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Marvel Super Heroes - Universe in Peril (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Ninjago - The Videogame (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Da) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Ninjago - The Videogame (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Pirates of the Caribbean - The Video Game (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Pirates of the Caribbean - The Video Game (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Rock Band (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Rock Band (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Star Wars - The Complete Saga (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Star Wars - The Complete Saga (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Star Wars II - The Original Trilogy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Star Wars II - The Original Trilogy (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Star Wars II - The Original Trilogy (USA) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Star Wars II - The Original Trilogy (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Star Wars III - The Clone Wars (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO Star Wars III - The Clone Wars (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO The Lord of the Rings (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO The Lord of the Rings (France) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO The Lord of the Rings (Germany) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LEGO The Lord of the Rings (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lemyuoul no Renkinjutsushi (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lernen mit Pokemon - Tasten-Abenteuer (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lernerfolg Grundschule - Deutsch - Der Rechtschreibtrainer (Europe) (De,Tr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lernerfolg Grundschule - Deutsch - Klasse 1+2 (Europe) (De,Tr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lernerfolg Grundschule - Deutsch - Klasse 1-4 (Europe) (De,Tr) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lernerfolg Grundschule - Deutsch - Klasse 1-4 (Europe) (De,Tr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lernerfolg Grundschule - Deutsch - Klasse 3+4 (Europe) (De,Tr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lernerfolg Grundschule - Englisch (Germany) (Fr,De) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lernerfolg Grundschule - Englisch - Der Vokabeltrainer (Europe) (Fr,De,Es,It,Tr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lernerfolg Grundschule - Englisch - Klasse 1-4 (Spain) (Es,Ru) (Proto).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lernerfolg Grundschule - Konzentration - Der Aufmerksamkeitstrainer (Europe) (En,De,Tr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lernerfolg Grundschule - Mathematik (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lernerfolg Grundschule - Mathematik Intensiv - Klasse 1-4 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Tr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lernerfolg Grundschule - Musik - Little Amadeus (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lernerfolg Vorschule - Capt'n Sharky (Europe) (De,Tr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lernerfolg Vorschule - Capt'n Sharky (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lernerfolg Vorschule - Prinzessin Lillifee (Europe) (De,Tr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lernerfolg Vorschule - Prinzessin Lillifee (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Let's Draw! (Europe) (En,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Let's Draw! (Europe) (Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Let's Draw! (Europe) (Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Let's Draw! (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Let's Pilates! (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Let's Play Ballerina (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Let's Play Fashion Designer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Let's Play Firemen (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Let's Play Flight Attendant (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Let's Play Flight Attendant (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Let's Play Garden (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Let's Play Journalists (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Let's Play Mums (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Let's Play Pet Hospitals (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Let's Play Schools (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Let's Play Shops (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Let's Ride - Friends Forever (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Let's Yoga! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Let's Yoga! (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Let's! Mangaka DS Style (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lettriq - Evaluez Votre QI Lettrique (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Level5 Premium - Gold (Japan) (Demo).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Level5 Premium - Platinum (Japan) (Demo).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Level5 Premium - Silver (Japan) (Demo).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lewis to Mirai Dorobou - Wilbur no Kiken na Jikan Ryokou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Liberty Pass Distribution (Europe) (En,Ja) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Licca-chan DS - Motto! Onnanoko Lesson - Oshare, Oshigoto, Otetsudai Daisuki! (Japan) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Licca-chan DS - Onnanoko Lesson - Oshare mo Oshigoto mo Omakase! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LifeSigns - Hospital Affairs (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LifeSigns - Surgical Unit (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LilPri DS - Hime Chen! Apple Pink (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lina no Atelier - Strahl no Renkinjutsushi (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Linda Hyde - Vampire Mansion (Europe) (En,Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Line Rider - Freestyle (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Line Rider 2 - Unbound (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lingo Deluxe (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lingo met Lucille Werner (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lingo voor Kinderen (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lionel Trains - On Track (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lionel Trains - On Track (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lise no Atelier - O'ldor no Renkinjutsushi (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lise no Atelier - O'ldor no Renkinjutsushi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Little Bears (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Little Charley Bear - Toybox of Fun (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Little League World Series Baseball - Double Play (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Little League World Series Baseball 2008 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Little League World Series Baseball 2009 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Little Mermaid - Ariel no Umi no Takaramono (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Little Mermaid, The - Ariel's Undersea Adventure (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Little Mermaid, The - Ariel's Undersea Adventure (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Little Red Riding Hood's Zombie BBQ (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Little Wingels (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Littlest Pet Shop - Beach Friends (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,Nl,Pt,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Littlest Pet Shop - Beach Friends (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Littlest Pet Shop - City Friends (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,Nl,Pt,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Littlest Pet Shop - City Friends (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Littlest Pet Shop - Country Friends (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,Nl,Pt,Sv,No,Da,Fi) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Littlest Pet Shop - Country Friends (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Littlest Pet Shop - Garden (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da,Fi,Pl,Cs).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Littlest Pet Shop - Garden (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Littlest Pet Shop - Garden (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Littlest Pet Shop - Jungle (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da,Fi,Pl,Cs).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Littlest Pet Shop - Jungle (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Littlest Pet Shop - Spring (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Littlest Pet Shop - Spring (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Littlest Pet Shop - Winter (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da,Fi,Pl,Cs).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Littlest Pet Shop - Winter (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Littlest Pet Shop 3 - Biggest Stars - Blue Team (Europe) (En,Pt,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Littlest Pet Shop 3 - Biggest Stars - Blue Team (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Littlest Pet Shop 3 - Biggest Stars - Pink Team (Europe) (En,Pt,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Littlest Pet Shop 3 - Biggest Stars - Pink Team (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Littlest Pet Shop 3 - Biggest Stars - Purple Team (Europe) (En,Pt,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Littlest Pet Shop 3 - Biggest Stars - Purple Team (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Live Battle Card - Live On DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Live-On Card Live-R DS (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Livly Garden (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lock's Quest (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lock's Quest (Europe) (En,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lock's Quest (USA) (En,Fr) (Beta).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lock's Quest (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lock's Quest - Shinmai Archineer no Hyakunichi Sensou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lode Runner (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Logic Cubes (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Logic Island (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Logic Machines (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Logic Machines (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lola & Virginia (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Londonian Gothics - Meikyuu no Lolita (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Long Vacation - Iruka to Watashi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LonQ! Highland in DS - Puu Puu Seijin Arawaru!! Shukketsu Dai-service! Onara no Saiten SP (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Looney Tunes - Cartoon Concerto (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Looney Tunes - Cartoon Conductor (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Looney Tunes - Duck Amuck (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Looney Tunes - Duck Amuck (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Looney Tunes - Duck Amuck (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Looney Tunes - Duck Amuck (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Looney Tunes - Duck Amuck (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Looney Tunes - Duck Amuck (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lord of the Rings, The - Aragorn's Quest (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lord of the Rings, The - Aragorn's Quest (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lord of the Rings, The - Conquest (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lord of the Rings, The - Conquest (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lost Identities (Europe) (En,De) (VLIP) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lost Identities (Europe) (En,De) (VLIV) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lost in Blue (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lost in Blue (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lost in Blue 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lost in Blue 2 (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lost in Blue 3 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lost in Blue 3 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lost Treasures of Alexandria, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LostMagic (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LostMagic (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/LostMagic (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Love Cat Life (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Love Is... in Bloom - The Flower Shop Garden (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Ru).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Love Love Hamster (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Love Plus (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Love Plus+ (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lovely Lisa (Europe) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lovely Lisa (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lovely Lisa and Friends (USA) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Loving Life with Hello Kitty & Friends (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Loving Life with Hello Kitty & Friends (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lucky Luke - The Daltons (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lucky Star - Moe Drill (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lufia - Curse of the Sinistrals (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Luminous Arc (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Luminous Arc (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Luminous Arc (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Luminous Arc 2 (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Luminous Arc 2 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Luminous Arc 2 - Will (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Luminous Arc 3 - Eyes (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lunar - Dragon Song (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lunar - Genesis (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lunar - Genesis (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lunar Knights (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lunar Knights (USA) (En,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lunnis (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lupin Sansei - Shijou Saidai no Zunousen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lux-Pain (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lux-Pain (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lux-Pain (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Luxor - Pharaoh's Challenge (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Luxor - Pharaoh's Challenge (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lyra no Bouken - Ougon no Rashinban (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/M&M's - Adventure (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/M&M's - Break 'em (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/M&M's - Break 'em (USA) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/M&M's - Break 'em (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/M&M's - Kart Racing (USA) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/M&M's - Kart Racing (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/M3DS Real (World) (Unl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/M3DS Simply & R4DS (World) (Unl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mabeopcheonjamun DS (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mabeopcheonjamun DS 2 - Choehuui Hanjamabeop (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Machi no Pet-ya-san DS - 200 Piki Wan-chan Daishuugou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Machi no Pet-ya-san DS 2 - Wannyan 333-hiki Daishuugou! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Madagascar (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Madagascar (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Madagascar (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Madagascar (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Madagascar (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Madagascar (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Madagascar (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Madagascar (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Madagascar - Escape 2 Africa (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Madagascar - Escape 2 Africa (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Madagascar 2 (Canada) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Madagascar 2 (France) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Madagascar 2 (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Madagascar 2 (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Madagascar 2 (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Madagascar 2 (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Madagascar 2 (Sweden).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Madagascar 3 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Madagascar 3 - Europe's Most Wanted (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Ru).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Madagascar Kartz (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Madagascar Kartz (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Madden NFL 06 (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Madden NFL 06 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Madden NFL 07 (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Madden NFL 07 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Madden NFL 08 (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Madden NFL 08 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Madden NFL 09 (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Madden NFL 09 (USA) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Madden NFL 09 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Madden NFL 2005 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Made in Ore (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maeh Jongg DS (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maeilmaeil - DS Dunoe Training (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maeilmaeil Deoukdeo! - DS Dunoe Training (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MAER Heaven - Boukyaku no Klavier (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MAER Heaven - Kaldea no Akuma (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maestro! - Jump in Music (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mage Knight - Destiny's Soldier (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Magic Encyclopedia 3 - Illusions (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Magic Encyclopedia II - Moonlight (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Magic Made Fun - Perform Tricks That Will Amaze Your Friends! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Magic Roundabout, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Magic School Bus, The - Oceans (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Magic Taizen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Magical Michael Pang (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Magical Starsign (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Magical Starsign (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Magical Unicorn, The (Europe) (Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Magical Vacation - Itsutsu no Hoshi ga Narabu Toki (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Magical Zhu Zhu Princess - Carriages and Castles (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Magical Zunou Power!! DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Magician's Quest - Mysterious Times (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MagicQ DS (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Magische Labyrinth, Das (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Magnetica (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mah Jong Quest - Expeditions (Europe) (En,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mah Jong Quest - Expeditions (Europe) (En,Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mah Jong Quest - Expeditions (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mah Jong Quest - Expeditions (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mah-Jong 300 (Europe) (En,Fr,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mahjong (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mahjong (Germany) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mahjong - Eine Reise um die Welt (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mahjong Fight Club DS - Wi-Fi Taiou (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mahjong Fight Club DS - Wi-Fi Taiou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mahjong Haou DS - Dan-Kyuu Battle (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mahjong Haou DS Special (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mahjong Journey - Quest for Tikal (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mahjong Mysteries - Ancient Athena (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mahjong Mysteries - Ancient Athena (Europe) (En,Fr,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mahjong Mysteries - Ancient Egypt (Europe) (En,Fr,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mahjong Navi DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mahjong Taikai (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mahjongg - Ancient Egypt (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mahjongg - Ancient Mayas (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mahjongg - Ancient Mayas (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mahjongg DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mahjongg Mysteries - Ancient Egypt (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mahou ni Kakerarete (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mainichi ga Tanoshii! - Ayanokouji Kimimaro no Happy Techou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mainichi Kokorobics - Kaiun Kenkyuuka Utsukita Mahiro Kanshuu - DS Uranai Happiness 2008 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mainichi Shinbun Soukan 135 Shuunen Project - Mainichi Shinbun 1000 Dai News (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mainichi Shinbunsha Kyouryoku - Saikyou no Kanji Drill 5-man Mon (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mainichi Suteki! - Hello Kitty no Life Kit (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mais Ou Se Cache Carmen Sandiego - Mystere au Bout du Monde (Europe) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maja (Europe) (Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maji de Manabu - LEC de Ukaru - DS Gyouseishoshi (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maji de Manabu - LEC de Ukaru - DS Hisho Kentei 2-kyuu - 3-kyuu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maji de Manabu - LEC de Ukaru - DS Kikenbutsu Toriatsukaisha Otsushu 4 Rui (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maji de Manabu - LEC de Ukaru - DS Kikenbutsu Toriatsukaisha Otsushu 4 Rui (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maji de Manabu - LEC de Ukaru - DS Koumuin Shiken - Suuteki Shori (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maji de Manabu - LEC de Ukaru - DS Nisshou Boki 3-kyuu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maji de Manabu - LEC de Ukaru - DS Takuchi Tatemono Torihiki Shuninsha (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maji de Manabu - LEC de Ukaru - DS Takuchi Tatemono Torihiki Shuninsha - 2011 Nen & 2012 Nendo Ban (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Majime ni Fumajime - Kaiketsu Zorori - Kyoufu no Takarabako (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Majin Tantei Nougami Neuro - Neuro to Yako no Bishoku Zanmai - Suiri Tsuki - Gourmet & Mystery (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Majo ni Naru. (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Major DS - Dream Baseball (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Major League Baseball 2K10 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Major League Baseball 2K11 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Major League Baseball 2K12 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Major League Baseball 2K7 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Major League Baseball 2K8 - Fantasy All-Stars (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Major League Baseball 2K9 - Fantasy All-Stars (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Makai Senki Disgaea - Makai no Ouji to Akai Tsuki (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Make 10 - A Journey of Numbers (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Make-up and Style (Germany) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Make-up Paradise (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Makeup Princess (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Malediction de Toutankhamon, La - Enigmes & Objets Caches (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mallangmallang Dunoegyosil (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mama's Combo Pack - Volume 1 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mama's Combo Pack - Volume 2 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mamegoma - Honobono Nikki (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mamegoma 2 - Uchi no Ko ga Ichiban! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mamegoma 3 - Kawaii ga Ippai! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Manaphy Distribution 2007 (USA) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Manepa 1000 Mannin no FX Training (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Manepa 1000-Mannin no FX Training - Leverage Kisei Taiouban (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Manga-ka Debut Monogatari DS - Akogare! Manga-ka Ikusei Game (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Manga-ka Debut Monogatari DS - Akogare! Manga-ka Ikusei Game (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Manjyeora - Made in Wario (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MapleStory DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MapleStory DS (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/March of the Penguins (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/March of the Penguins (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Margot's Bepuzzled! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Margot's Bepuzzled! (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Margot's Word Brain (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Margot's Word Brain (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Marie & Gali no Let's Science (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Marie-Antoinette and the American War of Independence - Episode 1 - The Brotherhood of the Wolf (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Marie-Antoinette and the Disciples of Loki (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario & Luigi - Bowser's Inside Story (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario & Luigi - Bowser's Inside Story (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario & Luigi - Bowser's Inside Story (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario & Luigi - Bowser's Inside Story (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario & Luigi - Partners in Time (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario & Luigi - Partners in Time (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario & Luigi - Partners in Time (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario & Luigi - Partners in Time (USA) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario & Luigi - Partners in Time (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario & Luigi RPG - Siganui Partner (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario & Luigi RPG 2x2 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario & Luigi RPG 3 - Kupa Momsok Daemoheom (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario & Luigi RPG 3!!! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario & Sonic at Beijing Olympic (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Winter Games (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Winter Games (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario & Sonic at Vancouver Olympic (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario Basket 3 on 3 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario Hoops 3 on 3 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario Kart DS (Europe) (Demo) (Kiosk, Multiplayer).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario Kart DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario Kart DS (Japan) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario Kart DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario Kart DS (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario Kart DS (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario Kart DS (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario Party DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario Party DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario Party DS (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario Party DS (Japan) (Rev 2).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario Party DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario Party DS (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario Party DS (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario Party DS (USA) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario Party DS (USA) (Rev 2).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario Party DS (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario Slam Basketball (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario Slam Basketball (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario vs. Donkey Kong - Mini-Land Mayhem! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario vs. Donkey Kong - Mini-Land Mayhem! (Europe, Australia) (Demo) (Kiosk) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario vs. Donkey Kong - Mini-Land Mayhem! (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario vs. Donkey Kong - Mini-Land Mayhem! (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario vs. Donkey Kong - Mini-Land Mayhem! (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 2) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario vs. Donkey Kong - Totsugeki! Mini-Land (Japan) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2 - March of the Minis (Europe) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2 - March of the Minis (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2 - March of the Minis (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2 - March of the Minis (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2 - MiniMini Daikoushin! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mariowa Sonic - Beijing Olympic (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mariowa Sonic - Vancouver Donggye-olympic (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Marker Man Adventures (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Marl Oukoku no Ningyou Hime - Tenshi ga Kanaderu Ai no Uta (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Martin Mystery (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maru Goukaku - Shikaku Dasshu! 2011-Nendohan Financial Planning Ginou Kentei Shiken 2-Kyuu, 3-Kyuu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maru Goukaku - Shikaku Dasshu! 2011-Nendohan Gyousei Shoshi Shiken (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maru Goukaku - Shikaku Dasshu! 2011-Nendohan Jouhou Security Specialist Shiken - Network Specialist Shiken (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maru Goukaku - Shikaku Dasshu! 2011-Nendohan Takken Shiken (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maru Goukaku - Shikaku Dasshu! Care Manager Shiken (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maru Goukaku - Shikaku Dasshu! Chuushoukigyou Shindanshi Shiken (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maru Goukaku - Shikaku Dasshu! Financial Planning Ginou Kentei Shiken 2-kyuu, 3-kyuu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maru Goukaku - Shikaku Dasshu! Gyousei Shoshi Shiken (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maru Goukaku - Shikaku Dasshu! Hanbaishi Kentei Shiken 2-kyuu, 3-kyuu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maru Goukaku - Shikaku Dasshu! IT Passport Shiken, Kihon Jouhou Gijutsusha Shiken, Ouyou Jouhou Gijutsusha Shiken (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maru Goukaku - Shikaku Dasshu! Kaigo Fukushishi Shiken (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maru Goukaku - Shikaku Dasshu! Shakai Fukushishi Shiken (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maru Goukaku - Shikaku Dasshu! Sharoushi Shiken (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maru Goukaku - Shikaku Dasshu! Shouken Gaimuin Ni-Shu Shiken (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maru Goukaku - Shikaku Dasshu! Special IT Passport Shiken, Kihon Jouhou Gijutsusha Shiken, Ouyou Jouhou Gijutsusha Shiken (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maru Goukaku - Shikaku Dasshu! Special Kaigo Fukushishi Shiken (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maru Goukaku - Shikaku Dasshu! Special Shakai Fukushishi Shiken (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maru Goukaku - Shikaku Dasshu! Special Sharoushi Shiken (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maru Goukaku - Shikaku Dasshu! Special Takken Shiken (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maru Goukaku - Shikaku Dasshu! TAC Koumuin Shiken - Kokka II Tane (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maru Kaite Don Don Oboeru - Kyoui no Tsugawa Shiki Kanji Kiokujutsu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maru Kaite Don Don Oboeru - Kyoui no Tsugawa Shiki Kanji Kiokujutsu - Kiso Gakushuu Hen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maruhan Pachinko & Pachi-Slot Hisshou Guide Kyouryoku - The Pachinko Hall (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Marvel - Ultimate Alliance 2 (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Marvel - Ultimate Alliance 2 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Marvel Nemesis - Rise of the Imperfects (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Marvel Nemesis - Rise of the Imperfects (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Marvel Super Hero Squad (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Marvel Super Hero Squad (Europe) (Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Marvel Super Hero Squad (Korea) (En,Ko) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Marvel Super Hero Squad (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Walmart Edition).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Marvel Super Hero Squad (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Marvel Super Hero Squad - The Infinity Gauntlet (Europe) (De,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Marvel Super Hero Squad - The Infinity Gauntlet (Europe) (En,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Marvel Super Hero Squad - The Infinity Gauntlet (Europe) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Marvel Super Hero Squad - The Infinity Gauntlet (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Marvel Trading Card Game (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Marvel Trading Card Game (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mary King's Riding School (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Master All Classics (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Master Jin Jin's IQ Challenge (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Master of Illusion (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Master of the Monster Lair (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Match 3 Madness (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Matching Maker DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Matchstick (USA) (En,Es) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Matchstick Puzzle by DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Math Blaster in the Prime Adventure (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Math Play (USA) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Math Play (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mathe Buddy - 5. Klasse (Europe) (Fr,De,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mathe Buddy - 6. Klasse (Europe) (Fr,De,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mathematik 1.-4. Klasse - Fit fuers Gymnasium (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mathematik 1.-4. Klasse 2012 (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mathematik und Deutsch - 1.-4. Klasse - 2014 (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mathematik und Deutsch 1.-4. Klasse 2013 (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maths Made Simple (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maths Play - Have Fun with Numbers! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Matsuda Tadanori Onsen Kyouju Kanshuu - Zenkoku Dokodemo Onsen Techou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maus DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mawashite Koron (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mawashite Tsunageru Touch Panic (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mawasundaa!! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Max & the Magic Marker (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Max & the Magic Marker (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Max Media Launcher (World) (Unl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Max Media Player (World) (v1.22) (Unl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/May's Mysteries - The Secret of Dragonville (Europe) (Easy Interactive).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/May's Mysteries - The Secret of Dragonville (Europe) (Mastertronic).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/May's Mystery - Forbidden Memories (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Maya (Europe) (Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mazes of Fate DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mazes of Fate DS (USA) (Beta).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mazes of Fate DS (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Me de Unou o Kitaeru - DS Sokudoku Junior (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Me de Unou o Kitaeru - DS Sokudoku Jutsu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mechanic Master (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mechanic Master (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mechanic Master 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mechanic Master 2 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MechAssault - Phantom War (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MechAssault - Phantom War (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Medarot DS - Kabuto Ver. (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Medarot DS - Kabuto Ver. (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Medarot DS - Kuwagata Ver. (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Medarot DS - Kuwagata Ver. (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Meet the Robinsons (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Meet the Robinsons (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mega Brain Boost (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mega Man Battle Network 5 - Double Team DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mega Man Battle Network 5 - Double Team DS (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mega Man Star Force - Dragon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mega Man Star Force - Dragon (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mega Man Star Force - Leo (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mega Man Star Force - Leo (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mega Man Star Force - Pegasus (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mega Man Star Force - Pegasus (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mega Man Star Force 2 - Zerker x Ninja (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mega Man Star Force 2 - Zerker x Ninja (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mega Man Star Force 2 - Zerker x Saurian (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mega Man Star Force 2 - Zerker x Saurian (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mega Man Star Force 3 - Black Ace (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mega Man Star Force 3 - Red Joker (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mega Man Zero Collection (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mega Man Zero Collection (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mega Man ZX (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mega Man ZX (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mega Man ZX - Advent (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mega Man ZX - Advent (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mega Mindy (Europe) (Fr,Nl) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mega Mindy (Europe) (Fr,Nl) (Rev 2).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mega Mindy (Europe) (Fr,Nl) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Megami Ibunroku - Devil Survivor (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Megamind - The Blue Defender (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Megamind - The Blue Defender (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mein Beautyhotel fuer Tiere (Germany) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mein Eigener Tierbaby-Zoo (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mein Franzoesisch Coach - Verbessere Dein Franzoesisch (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mein Koch-Coach - Gesund und Lecker Kochen (Germany) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mein Traumjob - Kinderaerztin (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mein Wortschatz-Coach - Englisch Lernen (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mein Wortschatz-Coach - Verbessere Dein Ausdrucksvermoegen (Germany) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Meine Tierarztpraxis (Germany) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Meine Tierarztpraxis - Einsatz auf dem Land (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Meine Tierarztpraxis - SOS am Ozean (Europe) (En,De) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Meine Tierarztpraxis in Australien (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Meine Tierpension (Germany) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Meine Tierpension - Tapsige Tierbabys (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Meine Tierpension 2 (Germany) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Meine Tierschule (Germany) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Meitantei Conan & Kindaichi Shounen no Jikenbo - Meguriau Futari no Meitantei (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Meitantei Conan - Aoki Houseki no Rondo (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Meitantei Conan - Kako Kara no Zensou Kyoku (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Meitantei Conan - Kieta Hakase to Machigai Sagashi no Tou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Meitantei Conan - Tantei Ryoku Trainer (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Meloetta Distribution 2013 (USA, Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mensch Aergere Dich Nicht - Das Beliebte Original (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mensetsu no Tatsujin - Tenshoku Hen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Meoriga Joajineun Sudoku 10000 Mun (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Merlin - A Servant of Two Masters (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mes Amis Disney (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Metal Beyblade - Cyber Pegasis (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Metal Beyblade 2 - Big Bang Bladers (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Metal Fight Beyblade (Japan) (Value Price).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Metal Fight Beyblade (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Metal Fight Beyblade - Baku Shin Susanoo Shuurai! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Metal Fight Beyblade - Bakutan! Cyber Pegasis (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Metal Fight Beyblade - Choujou Kessen! - Big Bang Bladers (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Metal Max 2 - Reloaded (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Metal Max 3 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Metal Saga - Hagane no Kisetsu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Metal Slug 7 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Metal Slug 7 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Metal Slug 7 (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Metal Slug 7 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Metcha! Taiko no Tatsujin DS - 7-tsu no Shima no Daibouken (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Meteos (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Meteos (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Meteos (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Meteos - Disney Magic (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Meteos - Disney Magic (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Meteos - Disney Magic (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Methode Boscher - La Journee des Tout Petits (France) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Metroid Prime - Hunters (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Metroid Prime - Hunters (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Metroid Prime - Hunters (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Metroid Prime - Hunters (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Metroid Prime - Hunters (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Metroid Prime - Hunters (USA) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Metroid Prime - Hunters (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Metroid Prime - Hunters - First Hunt (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Metroid Prime - Hunters - First Hunt (USA, Australia) (Demo).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Metroid Prime Pinball (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Metroid Prime Pinball (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Metroid Prime Pinball (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Metropolis Crime$ (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mew To Hadou No Yuusha Lucario Special Pack (Japan) (DSvision).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mezase! 100 Giri Golf DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mezase! Koushien (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mezase! Shoujo Manga Ka!! Ciao Manga School (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mezase! Zenkoku Taikai!! - Let's! Brass!! - Brass Band Renshuu Soft (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mezase!! Tsuri Master DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mi Experto en Aleman - Mejora Tu Vocabulario Aleman (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mi Experto en Cocina - Comida Saludable (Spain) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mi Experto en Frances - Mejora Tu Vocabulario Frances (Mexico).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mi Experto en Frances - Mejora Tu Vocabulario Frances (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mi Experto en Ingles - Mejora Tu Vocabulario Ingles (Mexico).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mi Experto en Ingles - Mejora Tu Vocabulario Ingles (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mi Experto en Vocabulario (Mexico).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mi Experto en Vocabulario (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Miami Crisis (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Miami Crisis (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Miami Law (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Miami Nights - Singles in the City (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Miami Nights - Singles in the City (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Michael Jackson - The Experience (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Michael Jackson - The Experience (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Micro Machines V4 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Micro Machines V4 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Midnight Mysteries - Gaensehaut Wimmelbild-Abenteuer mit Edgar Allan Poe (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Midnight Mysteries - The Edgar Allan Poe Conspiracy (Europe) (En,Fr,Nl) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Midnight Mysteries - The Edgar Allan Poe Conspiracy (Europe) (Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Midnight Mysteries - The Edgar Allan Poe Conspiracy (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Midnight Play! Pack (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Midnight Play! Pack (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Miffy's World (Europe) (En,Fr,Es,Nl,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Miffy's World (Europe) (En,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Might & Magic - Clash of Heroes (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Might & Magic - Clash of Heroes (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Migungui Gunju (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mijn Dierenpension (Netherlands) (En,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mijn Dierenpension 2 (Netherlands) (En,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mijn Dierenpraktijk (Netherlands) (En,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mijn Dierenschool (Netherlands) (En,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mijn Droomjob - Verpleegster (Europe) (Fr,Nl) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Military History - Commander - Europe at War (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Milon no Hoshizora Shabon - Puzzle Kumikyoku (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mimi de Unou o Kitaeru - DS Chou-nouryoku (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mimi's Party Fun! (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Minagara Oreru DS Origami (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mind Quiz - Your Brain Coach (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mind Quiz - Your Brain Coach (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mind Your Language - Apprends le Francais! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mind Your Language - Aprende Espanol! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mind Your Language - Learn English! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mind Your Language - Learn Japanese! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mind Your Language - Lern Deutsch! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mind. Body. Soul. - Blend-It (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mind. Body. Soul. - Nutrition Matters (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mind. Body. Soul. - Spellbound 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MinDStorm - Train Your Brain (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MinDStorm 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mini Golf Resort (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mini Ninjas (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mini Ninjas (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mini RC Rally (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mini Yonku DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Minna Atsumare! - Quiz Party (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Minna de Asobou - Shanghai DS 2 (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Minna de Dokusho DS - Genji Monogatari + Chottodake Bungaku (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Minna de Dokusho DS - Keetai Shousetsu Desuuu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Minna de Dokusho DS - Naruhodo! Tanoshii Seikatsu no Urawaza Kakushiwaza (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Minna de Dokusho DS - Torimonochou - Hanshichi & Umon & Ango & Agojuurou & Hatamoto Taikutsu Otoko (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Minna de Flash Anzan DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Minna de Jibun no Setsumeisho - B-Gata, A-Gata, AB-Gata, O-Gata (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Minna de Taikan Dokusho DS - Choo Kowaai! - Gakkou no Kaidan (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Minna de Wai Wai - Cocoto Kart (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Minna no Conveni (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Minna no Doubutsuen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Minna no DS Seminar - Kanpeki Eitango Ryoku (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Minna no DS Seminar - Kanpeki Kanji Ryoku (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Minna no DS Seminar - Kantan Ongaku Ryoku - Kiso kara Hajimeru Gakufu Nyuumon (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Minna no Mahjong DS (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Minna no Oekakiya-san (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Minna no Suizokukan (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Minna to Kimi no Piramekino! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Minute to Win It (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mio Coach di Cucina, Il - Prepara Cibi Sani e Gustosi (Italy) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mio Coach, Il - Arricchisco il Mio Inglese (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mio Coach, Il - Arricchisco il Mio Vocabolario (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mirakuru! Mimika DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Miru Chikara o Jissen de Kitaeru - DS Medikara Training (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Miss Princess - MisPri! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Miss Spider's Sunny Patch Friends - Harvest Time Hop and Fly (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Miss Spider's Sunny Patch Friends - Harvest Time Hop and Fly (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Miss Spider's Sunny Patch Friends - Harvest Time Hop and Fly (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mission Runway (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mister Slime (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mitame Kara Yomigaeru - Otona no Kikonashi Training (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Miteha Ikenai (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mitsukete! Keroro Gunsou - Machigai Sagashi Daisakusen de Arimasu! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Miyamoto Sansuu Kyoushitsu no Kyouzai - Kashikoku Naru Puzzle DS Ban (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mizuiro Blood (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MK6-Motion (World) (Unl) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MLB Power Pros 2008 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Moe Moe 2-ji Taisen(ryaku) Two - Yamato Nadeshiko (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Moe Sta - Moeru Toudai Eigojuku (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Moero! Nekketsu Rhythm Damashii - Osu! Tatakae! Ouendan 2 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Moetan DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mogitate Tingle no Barairo Rupee Land (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mokjjangiyagi - Colobockle Station (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mokjjangiyagi - Colobockle Station for Girl (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mokjjangiyagi - Neowa hamkke Jaraneun Seom (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Momo Waliou Zhizao (China) (iDS).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Momo Yaoxi - Yun Zhong Manbu (China) (iDS).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Momotarou Dentetsu - 20 Shuunen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Momotarou Dentetsu - World (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Momotarou Dentetsu DS - Tokyo & Japan (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Momotarou Dentetsu DS - Tokyo & Japan (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mon Coach Personnel - J'Ameliore Mon Anglais (Canada).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mon Coach Personnel - J'Ameliore Mon Anglais (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mon Coach Personnel - J'Ameliore Mon Espagnol (Canada).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mon Coach Personnel - J'Ameliore Mon Espagnol (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mon Coach Personnel - J'Enrichis Mon Vocabulaire (Canada).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mon Coach Personnel - J'Enrichis Mon Vocabulaire (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mon Coach Personnel - Mes Recettes Plaisir et Ligne (France) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mon Premier Bescherelle (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mondai na Nihongo (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monkey Madness - Island Escape (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monmallineun 3-gongjuwa Hamkkehaneun - Geurimyeonsang Yeongdaneo Amgibeop (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monokuro Boo & Baby Boo - Kururin Boo (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monopoly (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monopoly (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster Band (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster Bomber (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster Bomber (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster Bomber (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster Farm DS 2 - Yomigaeru! Master Breeder Densetsu (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster Frenzy (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster High - 13 Wishes (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster High - 13 Wishes (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster High - Ghoul Spirit (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Little Orbit) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster High - Ghoul Spirit (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (THQ) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster High - Ghoul Spirit (USA) (En,Fr) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster High - Skultimate Roller Maze (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster High - Skultimate Roller Maze (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster House (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Sv,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster House (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster House (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster House (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster Jam (Europe) (Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster Jam (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster Jam (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster Jam - Path of Destruction (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster Jam - Path of Destruction (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster Jam - Urban Assault (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster Jam - Urban Assault (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster Lab (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster Lab (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster Mayhem - Build and Battle (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster Puzzle (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster Racers (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster Racers (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster Rancher DS (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster Tale (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster Trucks DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monster Trucks DS (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monsters vs Aliens (Europe) (En,Fr,Nl,Sv).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monsters vs Aliens (Europe) (Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monsters vs Aliens (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Monsters vs Aliens (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Moomin-dani no Okurimono (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Moon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Moon (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Moorhuhn - Jewel of Darkness (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Moorhuhn - Star Karts (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Moorhuhn Adventure - The Pharaoh's Treasure (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Moorhuhn DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Moorhuhn Jump'n Run - Atlantis (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/More Brain Training from Dr Kawashima - How Old Is Your Brain (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/More Brain Training from Dr Kawashima - How Old Is Your Brain (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/More TouchMaster (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mori no Cafeteria DS - Oshare na Cafe Recipe (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Morinaga Takurou Kanshuu - Okane no Shin Joushiki DS Training (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Moshi Monsters - Katsuma Unleashed (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Moshi Monsters - Katsuma Unleashed (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Moshi Monsters - Moshling Zoo (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Moshi Monsters - Moshling Zoo (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Moshi Monsters - Moshlings Theme Park (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Moshi Monsters - Moshlings Theme Park (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Moshimo! Kinen Surunara... (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Moshimo! Saibanin ni Erabaretara... (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Moto Racer DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Moto Racer DS (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mots Croises (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mots Croises 2 (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Motto Hayaku! Seikaku ni! - Kazu Sense, Keisanryoku Up Training - Suutore (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Motto Me de Unou o Kitaeru - DS Sokudoku Jutsu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Motto TOEIC Test DS Training (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Motto! Hamster to Kurasou - Akachan ga Umareta yo (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Motto! Stitch! DS - Rhythm de Rakugaki Daisakusen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Moxie Girlz (USA) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Moyashimon DS - Tales of Agriculture (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Moyeora! Kirby (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mr Bean (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mr. Driller - Drill Spirits (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mr. Driller - Drill Spirits (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mr. Driller - Drill Spirits (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mr. Incredible - Kyouteki Underminer Toujou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mr. Slime Jr. (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mr. Slime Jr. (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MTV Fan Attack (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MTV Fan Attack (Europe) (En,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mugen Kouro (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mugen no Frontier - Super Robot Taisen OG Saga (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mugen no Frontier Exceed - Super Robot Taisen OG Saga (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mummi og de Mystiske Hylene (Europe) (Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mummi og den Store Hoestfesten (Europe) (Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mummy, The - Tomb of the Dragon Emperor (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mummy, The - Tomb of the Dragon Emperor (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Murder in Venice (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Murder in Venice (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Murder on the Titanic (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mushi - Machi no Konchuu Monogatari (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mushishi - Ame Furu Sato (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mushroom Men - Rise of the Fungi (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mushroom Men - Rise of the Fungi (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Music - Music for Everyone (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Music for Kids (Europe) (En,De) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Music Monstars - The Ultimate Music Machine (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Music Star - I Wanna Be a Popstar (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MX vs ATV Reflex (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MX vs ATV Reflex (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MX vs. ATV Extreme Limite (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MX vs. ATV Untamed (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MX vs. ATV Untamed (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Amusement Park (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Animal Centre (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Animal Centre - Baby Animals (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Animal Centre in Africa (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Animal Centre in Africa (Europe) (Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Animal Centre in Australia (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Baby - Boy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Baby - Boy (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Baby - First Steps (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Baby - Girl (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Baby - Girl (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Majesco).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Baby - Girl (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Baby 2 - Boy & Girl (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Baby 3 & Friends (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Baby 3 & Friends (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Ballet Studio (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Best Friends - Cats & Dogs (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Boyfriend (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Boyfriend (Germany) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Boyfriend (Summer of My Life) (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Boyfriend - Der Sommer Meines Lebens (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Boyfriend - Verliebt in einen Star (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Chinese Coach - Learn a New Language (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Chinese Coach - Learn to Speak Chinese (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Cooking Coach - Prepare Healthy Recipes (Europe) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Dangerous Pet - Snake (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Dangerous Pet - Spider (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Dog Coach - Understand Your Dog with Cesar Millan (Europe) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Dogs Paradise (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My DoItAll (USA) (En,Fr,Es) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Dress-Up (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Dress-Up (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My English Coach (Europe) (Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My English Coach para Hispanoparlantes - Ingles a Tu Alcance! (USA) (Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Farm Around the World (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Farm Around the World (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Fashion Studio (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My First Dollhouse (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My French Coach - Learn a New Language (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My French Coach - Level 1 - Learn to Speak French (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My French Coach - Level 2 - Improve Your French (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Friends (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Friends (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Frogger - Toy Trials (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Frogger - Toy Trials (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Fun Facts Coach - Facts for Your Daily Life (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Happy Kitchen (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Health Coach - Manage Your Weight (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Health Coach - Manage Your Weight (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Health Coach - Stop Smoking with Allen Carr (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Healthy Cooking Coach - Easy Way to Cook Healthy (USA) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Hero - Doctor (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Hero - Firefighter (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Horse & Me (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Horse & Me (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Horse & Me - Riding for Gold (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Horse & Me 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da,Fi) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Horse Club (Europe) (En,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Japanese Coach - Learn a New Language (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Japanese Coach - Learn to Speak Japanese (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Little Baby (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Little Baby (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Little Baby (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Sv,No,Da) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Little Flufties (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Little Pony - Pinkie Pie's Party (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Make-Up (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Make-Up (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Melody Angel Book - Denshi Techou & Enjoy Game (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Own Pet Shelter (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Paris Fashion House (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Pet Beauty Salon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Pet Chimp (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Pet Dolphin (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Pet Dolphin (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Pet Dolphin 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Pet Hotel 2 (Europe) (En,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Pet Hotel 2 (Europe) (En,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Pet Hotel 2 (Europe) (Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Pet Kitten (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Pet Parrot (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Pet Pony (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Pet Puppy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Pet School (Europe) (En,Fr,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Pet Shop (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Pet Shop (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Pet Zoo Vet (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Puppy Shop (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Reading Tutor (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My SAT Coach with The Princeton Review - Crack the SAT (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Secret Diary (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Secret Diary (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Secret World by Imagine (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Secret World by Imagine (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Spanish Coach - Learn a New Language (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Spanish Coach - Level 1 (Europe) (En,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Spanish Coach - Level 2 - Improve Your Spanish (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Stop Smoking Coach with Allen Carr Easyway - Quit for Good (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Vet Practice - In Australia (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Vet Practice - In the Country (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Virtual Tutor - Reading - 1st Grade to 2nd Grade (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Virtual Tutor - Reading - K to 1st Grade (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Virtual Tutor - Reading - Pre-K to Kindergarten (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Weight Loss Coach - Improve Your Health (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Western Horse (Europe) (En,De) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Western Horse (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Word Coach - Develop Your Vocabulary (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Word Coach - Improve Your Vocabulary (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Word Coach - Verbeter Je Woordenschat (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My Word Coach Junior - Woordjes Leren (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/My World, My Way (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MySims (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MySims (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MySims (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MySims - Agents (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MySims - Agents (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MySims - Kingdom (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Sv,Pl,Cs,Hu).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MySims - Kingdom (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MySims - Party (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MySims - Party (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MySims - Racing (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MySims - Racing (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MySims - Simdeurui Wangguk (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MySims - SkyHeroes (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/MySims - SkyHeroes (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Myst (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Myst (USA) (En,Fr) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Myst (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mysterious Adventures in the Caribbean (Europe) (En,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mysterious Adventures in the Caribbean (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mysterious Case of Dr. Jekyll & Mr. Hyde, The (Europe) (Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mysterious Case of Dr. Jekyll & Mr. Hyde, The (Europe) (Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mysterious Case of Dr. Jekyll & Mr. Hyde, The (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mysterious Case of Dr. Jekyll & Mr. Hyde, The (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mystery Case Files - MillionHeir (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mystery Case Files - MillionHeir (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mystery Case Files - MillionHeir (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mystery Case Files - MillionHeir (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mystery Case Files - Prime Suspects (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mystery Case Files - Ravenhearst (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mystery Case Files - Ravenhearst (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mystery Detective (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mystery Detective (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mystery Detective II (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mystery Dungeon - Shiren the Wanderer (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mystery Dungeon - Shiren the Wanderer (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mystery Mansion (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mystery P.I. - Portrait of a Thief (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mystery Quest - Curse of the Ancient Spirits (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mystery Stories (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mystery Stories (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mystery Stories - Curse of the Ancient Spirits (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mystery Stories - Mountains of Madness (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mystery Tales - Time Travel (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mystery Tales - Time Travel (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mystery Tales - Time Travel (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mystery Tales 2 - The Spirit Mask (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/N+ (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nacho Libre (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nacho Libre (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nadia - Megafun Land (Europe) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nadia's World (Europe) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nakamura Akira Kanshuu - India Shiki Keisan Drill DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nakamura Sumiko Tettei Shidou - Shin TOEIC Test 1-nichi 1-pun DS Lesson - 1-shuukan Shuuchuu Program Tsuki (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nakamura Sumiko Tettei Shidou - Shin TOEIC Test 1-nichi 1-pun DS Lesson - 1-shuukan Shuuchuu Program Tsuki (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nakayoshi All-Stars - Mezase Gakuen Idol (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nakayoshi Kids no Oshigoto Theme Park - Oshigoto Taiken Game (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Naked Brothers Band, The - The Video Game (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Naked Brothers Band, The - The Video Game (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Namanui Collection - Girls Style (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Namco Museum DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Namco Museum DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Namco Museum DS (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/NANA - Live Staff Daiboshuu! Shoshinsha Kangei (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nanami no Oshiete Eibunpou DS - Kiso kara Manabu Step Up Gakushuu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nanami no Oshiete English DS - Mezase TOEIC Master (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nanashi no Geemu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nanashi no Geemu Me (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nanatsuiro Drops DS - Touch de Hajimaru Hatsukoi Monogatari (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nancy Drew - The Deadly Secret of Olde World Park (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nancy Drew - The Deadly Secret of Olde World Park (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nancy Drew - The Hidden Staircase (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nancy Drew - The Model Mysteries (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nancy Drew - The Model Mysteries (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nancy Drew - The Mystery of the Clue Bender Society (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nancy Drew - The Mystery of the Clue Bender Society (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nancy Drew DS - Mysteries Adventure (USA) (Proto).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nanda's Island (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nandas Island (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nandoku Kanji DS - Nandoku, Yoji Jukugo, Koji Kotowaza (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nangoku Sodachi DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nanostray (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nanostray (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nanostray 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nanostray 2 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nanpure 10000 Mon (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nanpure VOW (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Napoleon Dynamite - The Game (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Naraba's World - Labyrinth of Light (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Naraba's World - The Mysterious Palace (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Narnia Koku Monogatari Dai-1 Shou - Lion to Majo (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Narnia Koku Monogatari Dai-2 Shou - Caspian Ouji no Tsunobue (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Naruto - Choegangninja Daegyeoljip DS (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Naruto - Ninja Council - European Version (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Naruto - Ninja Council 2 - European Version (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Naruto - Ninja Council 3 (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Naruto - Ninja Council 3 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Naruto - Ninja Destiny (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Naruto - Ninja Destiny - European Version (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Naruto - Ninja Destiny II - European Version (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Naruto - Path of the Ninja (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Naruto - Path of the Ninja 2 (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Naruto - Saikyou Ninja Daikesshuu 3 for DS (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Naruto - Saikyou Ninja Daikesshuu 3 for DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Naruto - Saikyou Ninja Daikesshuu 4 DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Naruto - Shinobi Retsuden (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Naruto Jilpungjeon - Choegangninja Daegyeoljip 2 - Gyeokttol!! Naruto vs Sasuke (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Naruto Jilpungjeon - Daenantu! Geurimja Bunsinsul (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Naruto RPG 2 - Chidori vs Rasengan (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Naruto RPG 3 - Reijuu vs Konoha Shoutai (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Naruto RPG 3 - Reijuu vs Konoha Shoutai (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Naruto Shippuden - Naruto vs Sasuke (Europe) (Fr,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Naruto Shippuden - Naruto vs Sasuke (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Naruto Shippuden - Ninja Council 3 - European Version (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Naruto Shippuden - Ninja Council 4 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Naruto Shippuden - Ninja Destiny 2 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Naruto Shippuden - Shinobi Rumble!! (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Naruto Shippuu Den - Dairansen! Kagebunshin Emaki (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Naruto Shippuu Den - Ninjutsu Zenkai! Chaclash!! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Naruto Shippuu Den - Saikyou Ninja Daikesshuu - Gekitotsu!! Naruto vs Sasuke (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Naruto Shippuu Den - Saikyou Ninja Daikesshuu 5 - Kessen! 'Akatsuki' (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Naruto Shippuu Den - Shinobi Retsuden II (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Naruto Shippuu Den - Shinobi Retsuden III (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Natalie Brooks - Mystery at Hillcrest High (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Natalie Brooks - The Treasures of the Lost Kingdom (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nathan Anglais - Methode Pratique (France) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nathan Entrainement 6e (France) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nathan Entrainement CE1 (France) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nathan Entrainement CE2 (France) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nathan Entrainement CM1 (France) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nathan Entrainement CM2 (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/National Geographic - Panda (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nazonazo & Quiz - Ittou Nyuukon Q Mate! (Japan) (Demo).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nazonazo & Quiz - Ittou Nyuukon Q Mate! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nazotte Oboeru - Otona no Kanji Renshuu (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nazotte Oboeru - Otona no Kanji Renshuu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nazotte Oboeru - Otona no Kanji Renshuu - Kaiteiban (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nazotte Oboeru - Otona no Kanji Renshuu - Kanzen Ban (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Need for Speed - Most Wanted (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Need for Speed - Most Wanted (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Need for Speed - Nitro (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Need for Speed - Nitro (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Need for Speed - Nitro (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Need for Speed - ProStreet (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Need for Speed - ProStreet (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Need for Speed - ProStreet (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Need for Speed - ProStreet (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Need for Speed - ProStreet (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Need for Speed - Undercover (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Need for Speed - Undercover (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Need for Speed - Undercover (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Need for Speed - Underground 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Need for Speed - Underground 2 (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Need for Speed Carbon - Own the City (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Need for Speed Carbon - Own the City (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Negima! - Chou Mahora Taisen - Kattoiin, Keiyaku Shikkou Dechaimasuu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Negima! - Chou Mahora Taisen Two - Checkiin, Zenin Shuugou! - Yappari Onsen Kichaimashitaa (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Neighbours from Hell (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Neko Neko Bakery DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Neopets Puzzle Adventure (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Neopets Puzzle Adventure (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Neoromance Game - Harukanaru Toki no Naka de - Yume no Ukihashi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nep League DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nervous Brickdown (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nervous Brickdown (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Net Ghost Pipopa - Pipopa x DS@Daibouken!!! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nettou! Powerful Koushien (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Neves (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Neves (USA) (En,Ja).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/New Carnival - Funfair Games (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/New Carnival Games (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/New Chaoji Maliou Xiongdi (China) (iDS).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/New Chuugaku Eitango Target 1800 DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/New Eitango Target 1900 DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/New Horizon - English Course 1 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/New Horizon - English Course 1 DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/New Horizon - English Course 2 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/New Horizon - English Course 2 DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/New Horizon - English Course 3 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/New Horizon - English Course 3 DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/New International Hyper Sports DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/New International Track & Field (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/New International Track & Field (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/New International Track & Field (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/New Rainbow Islands (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/New Shikakui Atama o Maruku Suru. DS - Kanzen Seiha Ketteiban (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/New Super Mario Bros. (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/New Super Mario Bros. (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk, Y78P).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/New Super Mario Bros. (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/New Super Mario Bros. (Japan) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/New Super Mario Bros. (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/New Super Mario Bros. (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/New Super Mario Bros. (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/New Super Mario Bros. (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/New Touch Party Game (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/New Unou Kids DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/New York Times Crosswords, The (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/New York Times Crosswords, The (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/New Zealand Story DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/New Zealand Story Revolution (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/New Zealand Story Revolution (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ni Hao, Kai-Lan - New Year's Celebration (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ni Hao, Kai-Lan - New Year's Celebration (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ni no Kuni - Shikkoku no Madoushi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nickelodeon Dora and Friends' - Fantastic Flight (Europe) (En,Fr,Es,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nickelodeon Team Umizoomi (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nickelodeon Team Umizoomi and Dora's Fantastic Flight (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nicktoons - Attack of the Toybots (Europe) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nicktoons - Attack of the Toybots (Europe) (Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nicktoons - Attack of the Toybots (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nicktoons - Attack of the Toybots (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nicktoons - Battle for Volcano Island (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nicktoons MLB (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nicktoons Unite! (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nicola Kanshuu - Model Oshare Audition (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Night at the Museum - Battle of the Smithsonian - The Video Game (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Night at the Museum 2 - The Video Game (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nihon Curling Kyoukai Kounin - Minna no DS Curling (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nihon Golfer's Kentei DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nihon Keizai Shinbunsha Kanshuu - Shiranai Mama dewa Son wo Suru - 'Mono ya Okane no Shikumi' DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nihon Pro Mahjong Kishikai Kanshuu - Pro ni Naru Mahjong DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nihongo Bunshou Nouryoku Kentei Kyoukai Kyouryoku - Tadashii Nihongo DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nihongo de Asobo DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nihongo Kentei Iinkai Kounin - Nihongo Kentei DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nihonshi DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nine Hours, Nine Persons, Nine Doors (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ninja Captains (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ninja Gaiden - Dragon Sword (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ninja Gaiden - Dragon Sword (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ninja Gaiden - Dragon Sword (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ninja Gaiden - Dragon Sword (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ninja Gaiden - Dragon Sword (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ninja Reflex (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ninja Reflex (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ninjapass Evolution X9 TransFlash (World) (v1.1) (Unl) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ninjapass Junior 512M (World) (Unl) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ninjapass Media Launcher (World) (Unl) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ninjatown (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ninjatown (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintama Rantarou - Gakunen Taikousen Puzzle! no Dan (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintama Rantarou - Nintama no Tame no Ninjutsu Training (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendo DS Browser (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendo DS Browser (USA, Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendo Presents - Crossword Collection (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendo Presents - Style Boutique (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendo Presents - Style Boutique (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendo Touch Golf - Birdie Challenge (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendo Zone Wireless Distribution Box DS Card (World) (Rev 2) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendo Zone Wireless Distribution Box DS Card (World) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendogs (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendogs (Japan) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendogs (USA, Europe) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendogs - Best Friends (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendogs - Chihuahua & Chingudeul (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendogs - Chihuahua & Friends (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendogs - Chihuahua & Friends (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendogs - Chihuahua & Friends (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendogs - Chihuahua & Friends (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendogs - Dachshund & Chingudeul (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendogs - Dachshund & Friends (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendogs - Dachshund & Friends (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendogs - Dalmatian & Friends (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendogs - Dalmatian & Friends (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendogs - Download-Relay Version (Europe) (Demo) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendogs - Download-Relay Version (USA) (Demo) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendogs - Lab & Friends (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendogs - Labrador & Chingudeul (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendogs - Labrador & Friends (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendogs - Miniature Dachshund & Friends (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendogs - Miniature Dachshund & Friends (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendogs - Shiba & Friends (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendogs - Shiba & Friends (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nippon Futsal League Kounin - Minna no DS Futsal (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nippon Shuzan Renmei Kanshuu - Itsudemo Soroban DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nippon Suugaku Kentei Kyoukai Kounin - Suken DS - Otona ga Tokenai! Kodomo no Sansuu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nobunaga no Yabou DS (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nobunaga no Yabou DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nobunaga no Yabou DS 2 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nodame Cantabile (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nodame Cantabile - Tanoshii Ongaku no Jikan Desu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Noddy in Toyland (Europe) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30_archive.torrent	01-Aug-2019 18:14	81.6K.zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30_files.xml	15-Feb-2020 04:54	2.1M.zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30_meta.sqlite	09-Aug-2019 16:31	8.1M.zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30_meta.xml	15-Feb-2020 04:53	704.0B.zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nolleooseyo Dongmurui Sup (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nora to Toki no Koubou - Kiri no Mori no Majo (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nori Nori Rilakkuma - Hit Song Ongakusai (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Norimono Oukoku DS - You! Unten Shichainayo! (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nos Voisins, les Hommes (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nostalgeo no Kaze (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nostalgia (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nounai Aesthe IQ Suppli DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nounai Aesthe IQ Suppli DS 2 - Sukkiri King Ketteisen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nounai Kakusei Honeycomb Beat (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nounenrei - Nou Stress Kei Atama Scan (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nouvelles Aventures de T'choupi et Ses Amis, Les (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nova Usagi no Game de Ryuugaku! DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/NRL Mascot Mania (Australia).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/NTR Aging (World) (v1.0).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/NTR Aging (World) (v6.0).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nursery Mania (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Obunsha Deru-jun - Chiri DS (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Obunsha Deru-jun - Chiri DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Obunsha Deru-jun - Kokugo DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Obunsha Deru-jun - Koumin DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Obunsha Deru-jun - Rekishi DS (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Obunsha Deru-jun - Rika DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Obunsha Deru-jun - Sansuu DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ochaken no Daibouken - Honwaka Yumemiru Sekai Ryokou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ochaken no Daibouken 2 - Yume Ippai no Omocha Bako (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ochaken no Heya DS (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ochaken no Heya DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ochaken no Heya DS 2 (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ochaken no Heya DS 2 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ochaken no Heya DS 3 (Japan) (Rev 1) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ochaken no Heya DS 3 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ochaken no Heya DS 4 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Oden-kun - Tanoshii Oden Mura (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Odoru Daisousa-sen - The Game - Sensuikan ni Sennyuu Seyo! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Oekaki Puzzle Battle! - Yuusha Ou GaoGaiGar Hen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ogwangui Darin DS (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Oha Star 645 - Musshees no Fushigi na Nouen - Yoshimoto Geinin to Tomodachi Net (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Oheya o Kazarou - Koinu no Heya (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ohimesama Debut (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Oide yo Doubutsu no Mori (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Oide yo Doubutsu no Mori (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Oishiku Kiwameru Shokutsuu DS - Otona no Shuumatsu Henshuubu Gensen no Osusume Omise Jouhou Iri (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Oishinbo - DS Recipe Shuu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ojaru-Maru DS - Ojaru to Okeiko Aiueo (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/OK! - First for Celebrity News - Puzzle Stars (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Okada Toshio no Itsumademo Debu to Omounayo - DS de Recording Diet (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Okaeri! Chibi-Robo! - Happy Rich Oosouji! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Oktoberfest - The Official Game (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/OMG 26 - Our Mini Games (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Once upon a time... - Ugly Duckling (USA) (Beta).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/One Piece - Gear Spirit (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/One Piece - Gear Spirit (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/One Piece - Gigant Battle! (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/One Piece - Gigant Battle! (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/One Piece - Gigant Battle! (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/One Piece - Gigant Battle! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/One Piece Gigant Battle 2 - Shin Sekai (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Onegai My Melody - Yume no Kuni no Daibouken (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Oni Zero - Sengoku Ranse Hyakka Ryouran (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Onsei Kanjou Sokuteiki - Kokoro Scan (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ontama - Onpu-tou Hen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ontamarama (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ookami Den (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ookami Den (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ookami Den - Chiisaki Taiyou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ookami to Koushinryou - Boku to Holo no Ichinen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ookami to Koushinryou - Umi o Wataru Kaze (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ookiku Furikabutte - Honto no Ace ni Nareru kamo (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Open Season (Europe) (En,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Open Season (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Open Season (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Operation - Vietnam (Europe) (En,Fr,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Operation - Vietnam (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Operation - Vietnam (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Orcs & Elves (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Orcs & Elves (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ore ga Omae o Mamoru (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ore no Sentouki (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ore-Sama Kingdom - Koi mo Manga mo Debut o Mezase! Doki Doki Love Lesson (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Orient Quest (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Original Frisbee Disc Sports - Ultimate & Golf (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Original Frisbee Disc Sports - Ultimate & Golf (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Original Rummikub, The - Brings People Together (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (DTP Entertainment AG).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Original Rummikub, The - Brings People Together (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Games Factory Online).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Original Story from Fairy Tail - Gekitotsu! Kardia Daiseidou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Orla Froesnapper (Denmark).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Osawari Tantei - Ozawa Rina (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Osawari Tantei - Ozawa Rina - Season 2 1-2 - Rina wa Mita! Iya, Mite nai. (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Oscar der Ballonfahrer - Tierische Abenteuer (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Oshaberi Oumu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Oshare Majo Love and Berry - DS Collection (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Oshare na Koinu DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Oshare ni Koi Shite 2 Plus (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Oshare Princess - Oshare ni Koishite (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Oshare Princess - Oshare ni Koishite 2 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Oshiri Kajiri Mushi no Rhythm Lesson DS - Kawai Ongaku Kyoushitsu Kanshuu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Osu! Tatakae! Ouendan (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Othello de Othello DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Oto o Tsunagou! Gunpey-Rebirth (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Otogi Juushi Akazukin (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Otome-teki Koi Kakumei - Love Revo!! DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Otona no DS Golf (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Otona no DS Mystery - Izumi Jiken File (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Otona no Onna Ryoku Kentei (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Otona no Renai Shousetsu - DS Harlequin Selection (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Otona Ryoku Kentei (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Otoshi Deka - Keiji-san, Watashi ga Yarimashita (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ougon no Taiyou - Shikkoku Naru Yoake (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Oui-Oui - Grande Fete au Pays des Jouets (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Oui-Oui et le Grand Carnaval des Jouets (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Our House (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ouran Koukou Host Club DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Over the Hedge (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Over the Hedge (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Over the Hedge - Beesten bij de Buren (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Over the Hedge - Hammy Goes Nuts! (Europe) (Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Over the Hedge - Hammy Goes Nuts! (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Over the Hedge - Hammy Goes Nuts! (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Overlord Minions (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Overlord Minions (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Oyako de Asoberu DS Ehon - Ukkari Penelope (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Paard & Pony - Mijn Paardenstal (Netherlands) (En,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pac'n Ball (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pac'n Roll (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pac'n Roll (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pac'n Roll (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pac-Man World 3 (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pac-Man World 3 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pac-Pix (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pac-Pix (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pac-Pix (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pac-Pix (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pac-Pix (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pac-Pix (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pachi & Slot Hisshoubon DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Paint by DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Paint by DS - Classic Masterpieces (Europe) (En,Fr,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Paint by DS - Military Vehicles (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Panda-san Nikki (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Panel de Pon DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Panpaka Panya-san (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Panzer Tactics DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Panzer Tactics DS (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Partouche Poker Tour - Poker Texas Hold'em No Limit (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Party Carnival (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pass the Pigs - Let the Good Swines Roll! (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pass the Pigs - Let the Good Swines Roll! (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pass Your Driving Theory Test (Europe) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pass Your Driving Theory Test - 2010 Edition (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Passcard 3 (World) (Unl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Passcard 3 (World) (v3.0,v4.0) (Unl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Passcard 3 (World) (v5.0) (Unl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Passcard 3 (World) (v6.0) (Unl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Passeport du CE1 au CE2 (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Passeport du CE2 au CM1 (France) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Passeport du CM1 au CM2 (France) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Passeport du CM2 a la 6eme (France) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Passeport du CP au CE1 (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Patto Tokeru! - India Suugaku Drill DS - Jiman Shitaku Naru Anzan Hou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Paweo Reinjeo Kaeptin Poseu - Byeonsin! 35 Jeondae! (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pawly Pets - My Pet Hotel (Europe) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pawly Pets - My Vet Practice (Europe) (En,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pawly Pets - My Vet Practice (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pawly Pets - My Vet Practice (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Paws & Claws - Best Friends - Dogs & Cats (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Paws & Claws - Marine Rescue (USA) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Paws & Claws - Pampered Pets (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Paws & Claws - Pampered Pets 2 (USA) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Paws & Claws - Pet Resort (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Paws & Claws - Pet Vet (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Paws & Claws - Pet Vet - Australian Adventures (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Paws & Claws - Pet Vet 2 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Paws & Claws - Regal Resort (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/PDC World Championship Darts (USA) (En,Fr,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/PDC World Championship Darts - The Official Video Game (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Peggle Dual Shot (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pekin Express - La Route de l'Himalaya (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pen1 Grand Prix - Penguin no Mondai Special (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Penguin no Mondai - Saikyou Penguin Densetsu! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Penguin no Mondai - The World (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Penguin no Mondai X - Tenkuu no 7 Senshi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Penguins of Madagascar, The (Europe) (De,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Penguins of Madagascar, The (Europe) (En,Fr) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Penguins of Madagascar, The (Europe) (Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Penguins of Madagascar, The (USA) (En,Fr) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Penguins of Madagascar, The - Dr. Blowhole Returns Again! (Europe) (De,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Penguins of Madagascar, The - Dr. Blowhole Returns Again! (Europe) (En,Fr) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Penguins of Madagascar, The - Dr. Blowhole Returns Again! (Europe) (Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Penguins of Madagascar, The - Dr. Blowhole Returns Again! (USA) (En,Fr) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Peppa Pig - Fun and Games (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Peppa Pig - The Game (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Peppa Pig - Theme Park Fun (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Percy Jackson & the Lightning Thief (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Percy Jackson and the Olympians - The Lightning Thief (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Perfect Kanji Keisan Master DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Personal Fitness for Men (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Personal Fitness for Women (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Personal Trainer - Cooking (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Personal Trainer - Cooking (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Personal Trainer - Math (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Personal Trainer - Walking (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Personal Trainer DS for Men (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Personal Trainer DS for Women (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Personal Yoga Training - Learn in 15 Minutes a Day (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pet Adoption Center (USA) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pet Alien (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pet Alien - An Intergalactic Puzzlepalooza (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pet Pals - Animal Doctor (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pet Pals - New Leash on Life (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pet Shop Monogatari DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pet Shop Monogatari DS 2 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pet Vet - Down Under (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Peter Jackson's King Kong - The Official Game of the Movie (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da,Fi) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Peter Jackson's King Kong - The Official Game of the Movie (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Peter Jackson's King Kong - The Official Game of the Movie (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da,Fi) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Peter Jackson's King Kong - The Official Game of the Movie (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Peter Pan's Playground (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petit Eva - Evangelion@Game (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petit Fute Travel and Play (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Bunnyz (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Bunnyz Bunch (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Catz - Koneko to Issho ni Tanoshiku Asobou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Catz 2 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Catz Clan (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Catz Playground (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Dog Superstar (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Dogz - Koinu to Issho ni Tanoshiku Asobou (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Dogz 2 (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Dogz Fashion (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Dogz Fashion (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Dogz Pack (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Dogz Pack (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Dogz Talent Show (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Dolphinz Encounter (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Fantasy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Fashion Stars (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Hamster Superstar (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Hamsterz Life 2 (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Hamsterz Life 2 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Hamsterz Superstars (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Horseshoe Ranch (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Horsez - Kouma to Issho ni Tanoshiku Asobou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Horsez 2 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Horsez Family (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Monkeyz - Osaru to Issho ni Tanoshiku Asobou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Monkeyz House (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - My Baby Panda (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - My Horse Family (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - My Kitten Family (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - My Monkey Family (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - My Puppy Family (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Nursery (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Nursery (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Nursery 2 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Playschool (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Pony Beauty Pageant (USA) (En,Fr,Es) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Pony Club (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Puppyz & Kittenz (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Wild Animals - Dolphinz (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz - Wild Animals - Tigerz (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz Fantasy - Moonlight Magic (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz Fantasy - Sunshine Magic (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz Fashion - Dogz & Catz (USA) (En,Fr,Es) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz Rescue - Endangered Paradise (USA) (En,Fr,Es) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz Rescue - Ocean Patrol (USA) (En,Fr,Es) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Petz Rescue - Wildlife Vet (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pferd & Pony - Best Friends - Mein Pferd (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pferd & Pony - Die Reitakademie (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pferd & Pony - Die Reitakademie - Das Entscheidende Turnier (Europe) (En,De) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pferd & Pony - Mein Gestuet (Germany) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pferd & Pony - Mein Gestuet - Ein Leben fuer die Pferde (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pferdefreunde Puzzle - Echter Puzzlespass fuer Unterwegs (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Phantasy Star 0 (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Phantasy Star 0 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Phantasy Star 0 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Phil Taylor's Power Play Darts (Europe) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Phineas and Ferb (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Phineas and Ferb (USA) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Phineas and Ferb (USA) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Phineas and Ferb - 2 Disney Games (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Phineas and Ferb - Across the 2nd Dimension (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Phineas and Ferb - Across the 2nd Dimension (Europe) (En,Sv,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Phineas and Ferb - Across the 2nd Dimension (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Phineas and Ferb - Quest for Cool Stuff (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Phineas and Ferb - Quest for Cool Stuff (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Phineas and Ferb - Ride Again (Europe) (En,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Phineas and Ferb - Ride Again (USA) (En,Es) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Phoenix Wright - Ace Attorney (Europe) (De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Phoenix Wright - Ace Attorney (Europe) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Phoenix Wright - Ace Attorney (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Phoenix Wright - Ace Attorney - Justice for All (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Phoenix Wright - Ace Attorney - Justice for All (Europe) (Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Phoenix Wright - Ace Attorney - Justice for All (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Phoenix Wright - Ace Attorney - Trials and Tribulations (Europe) (Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Phoenix Wright - Ace Attorney - Trials and Tribulations (Europe) (Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Phoenix Wright - Ace Attorney - Trials and Tribulations (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Phoenix Wright - Ace Attorney - Trials and Tribulations (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Phonics de Minitsuku Eigo (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Photo Phantasy (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pic Pic (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pic Pic (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pic Pic (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pic Pic - Toku to E ni Naru 3-tsu no Puzzle (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pichu-Jirachi Distribution 2010 (USA) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Picross 3D (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Picross 3D (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Picross 3D (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Picross 3D (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Picross DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Picross DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Picross DS (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Picross DS (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pictionary (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pictionary (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Picto Image DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/PictoImage (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/PictoImage - Sketch and Guess on Your DS! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Picture Puzzle Collection (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pillow Pets (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pimp My Ride - Street Racing (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pimp My Ride - Street Racing (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pinball Deluxe (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ping Pals (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ping Pals (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ping Pals (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ping Pals (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pingu no Waku Waku Carnival! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pinkalicious - It's Party Time! (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pinky Street - Kira Kira Music Hour (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pinky Street - Kira Kira Music Hour - Sinnaneun Dance Battle (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pinky Street - Kira Kira Music Night (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pipe Mania (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pipe Mania (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pippa Funnell (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pippa Funnell (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pippa Funnell 2 - Farm Adventures (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pippi Longstocking (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pirates - Duels on the High Seas (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pirates - Duels on the High Seas (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pirates Boarding (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pirates Boarding (Europe) (En,It,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pirates of the Caribbean - At World's End (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pirates of the Caribbean - At World's End (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pirates of the Caribbean - At World's End (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pirates of the Caribbean - Dead Man's Chest (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pirates of the Caribbean - Dead Man's Chest (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pirates of the Caribbean - Dead Man's Chest (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Piraty Karibskogo Morja - Na Kraju Sveta (Russia).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pixeline - Hotel Skrottenborg (Denmark).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pixeline - Jungleskatten (Denmark).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pixeline - Magi i Pixieland (Denmark).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pixeline - Skole-hjaelp - Dansk - Kaos i Kommakoebing (Denmark) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pixeline - Skole-hjaelp - Engelsk - Goes to London (Denmark).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pixeline - Skole-Hjaelp - Laer at Stave - Stavning eller Kaos (Denmark).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pixeline - Skole-hjaelp - Matematik - Taager over Talstrup (Denmark).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pixeline og Droemmespejlet (Denmark).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Planet 51 - The Game (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Planet 51 - The Game (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Planet Puzzle League (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Planet Puzzle League (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Planet Rescue - Animal Emergency (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Planet Rescue - Endangered Island (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Planet Rescue - Ocean Patrol (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Plants vs. Zombies (Australia).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Plants vs. Zombies (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (MSL).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Plants vs. Zombies (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Rondomedia).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Plants vs. Zombies (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Plants vs. Zombies (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Platinum Sudoku (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Platinum Sudoku (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Play Gardens (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Playmobil Interactive - Knight - Hero of the Kingdom (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Playmobil Interactive - Knight - Hero of the Kingdom (Europe) (En,It,Sv,No,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Playmobil Interactive - Knights (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Playmobil Interactive - Pirates (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Playmobil Interactive - Top Agents (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Plop en de Pinguin (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Plus Belle la Vie - Le Secret du Dr Livia (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Plus Belle la Vie 2 - Le Mysterieux Passe de Vincent (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Plushees (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pocket Book - Mein Geheimes Tagebuch (Germany) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pocket Chikyuugi DS - Sawatte Tanoshimu Jinrui 5000 Nen no Ayumi (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pocket Monsters - Black (Japan) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pocket Monsters - Black (Korea) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pocket Monsters - Black 2 (Japan) (Rev 1) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pocket Monsters - Black 2 (Korea) (NDSi Enhanced) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pocket Monsters - Diamond (Japan) (Debug Version) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pocket Monsters - Diamond (Japan) (Rev 5).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pocket Monsters - Diamond (Japan) (Rev 6).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pocket Monsters - Diamond (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pocket Monsters - HeartGold (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pocket Monsters - HeartGold (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pocket Monsters - Pearl (Japan) (Rev 5).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pocket Monsters - Pearl (Japan) (Rev 6).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pocket Monsters - Pearl (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pocket Monsters - Platinum (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pocket Monsters - SoulSilver (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pocket Monsters - SoulSilver (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pocket Monsters - White (Japan) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pocket Monsters - White (Korea) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pocket Monsters - White 2 (Japan) (Rev 1) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pocket Monsters - White 2 (Korea) (NDSi Enhanced) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pocket Monsters DP - Dialga (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pocket Monsters DP - Palkia (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pocket Monsters Pt - Giratina (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pocket Scenario Series - Harukanaru Toki no Naka de - Mai Hitoyo (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pocoyo Racing (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pogo Island (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pogo Island (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Point Blank DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Point Blank DS (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Black Version (USA, Europe) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Black Version 2 (USA, Europe) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Diamant-Edition (Germany) (Rev 5).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Diamond Version (Europe) (Rev 5).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Diamond Version (USA) (Rev 5).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Diamond Version + Pokemon - Pearl Version (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Edicion Blanca (Spain) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Edicion Blanca 2 (Spain) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Edicion Diamante (Spain) (Rev 5).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Edicion Negra (Spain) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Edicion Negra 2 (Spain) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Edicion Oro HeartGold (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Edicion Perla (Spain) (Rev 5).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Edicion Plata SoulSilver (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Edicion Platino (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Goldene Edition HeartGold (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - HeartGold Version (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - HeartGold Version (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Pearl Version (Europe) (Rev 5).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Pearl Version (USA) (Rev 5).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Perl-Edition (Germany) (Rev 5).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Platin-Edition (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Platinum Version (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Platinum Version (USA) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Platinum Version (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Schwarze Edition (Germany) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Schwarze Edition 2 (Germany) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Silberne Edition SoulSilver (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - SoulSilver Version (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - SoulSilver Version (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Version Argent SoulSilver (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Version Blanche (France) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Version Blanche 2 (France) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Version Diamant (France) (Rev 5).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Version Noire (France) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Version Noire 2 (France) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Version Or HeartGold (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Version Perle (France) (Rev 5).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Version Platine (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Versione Argento SoulSilver (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Versione Bianca (Italy) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Versione Bianca 2 (Italy) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Versione Diamante (Italy) (Rev 5).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Versione Nera (Italy) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Versione Nera 2 (Italy) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Versione Oro HeartGold (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Versione Perla (Italy) (Rev 5).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Versione Platino (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Weisse Edition (Germany) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Weisse Edition 2 (Germany) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - White Version (USA, Europe) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - White Version 2 (USA, Europe) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Bulgasaui Dungeon - Eodumui Tamheomdae (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Bulgasaui Dungeon - Parang Gujodae (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Bulgasaui Dungeon - Siganui Tamheomdae (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Card Game - Asobikata DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Conquest (Europe) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Conquest (USA, Australia) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Conquest (USA, Australia) (Rev 1) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Dash (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Dash (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Dash (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Dash (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Fushigi no Dungeon - Ao no Kyuujotai (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Fushigi no Dungeon - Ao no Kyuujotai (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Fushigi no Dungeon - Sora no Tankentai (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Fushigi no Dungeon - Toki no Tankentai (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Fushigi no Dungeon - Yami no Tankentai (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Link! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Mystery Dungeon - Blue Rescue Team (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Mystery Dungeon - Blue Rescue Team (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Mystery Dungeon - Blue Rescue Team (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Mystery Dungeon - Blue Rescue Team (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Mystery Dungeon - Explorers of Darkness (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Mystery Dungeon - Explorers of Darkness (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Mystery Dungeon - Explorers of Sky (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Mystery Dungeon - Explorers of Sky (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Mystery Dungeon - Explorers of Sky (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Mystery Dungeon - Explorers of Sky (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Mystery Dungeon - Explorers of Time (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Mystery Dungeon - Explorers of Time (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Mystery Dungeon - Explorers of Time + Pokemon Mystery Dungeon - Explorers of Darkness (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Mystery Dungeon - Explorers of Time + Pokemon Mystery Dungeon - Explorers of Darkness (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Plus Nobunaga no Yabou (Japan) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Premium Set (Japan) (DSvision).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Ranger (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Ranger (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Ranger (Japan) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Ranger (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Ranger (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Ranger (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Ranger - Batonnage (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Ranger - Guardian Signs (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Ranger - Guardian Signs (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Ranger - Guardian Signs (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Ranger - Hikari no Kiseki (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Ranger - Shadows of Almia (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Ranger - Shadows of Almia (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Ranger - Shadows of Almia (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Ranger - Shadows of Almia (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Toroje (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Torouze (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Trozei! (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Trozei! (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Poker Training (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/PokerDome Poker Master - No Limit Texas Hold'em Poker (Australia).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Polar Bowler (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Polar Rampage (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Polarium (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Polarium (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/PONS Englisch - Vokabel Buddy (Europe) (Fr,De,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/PONS Franzoesisch - Vokabel Buddy (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pony Friends (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pony Friends (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pony Friends (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pony Friends (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pony Friends 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pony Friends 2 (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pony Life (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pony Luv (Europe) (En,Fr,De) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pony Luv (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pop Cutie! - Street Fashion Simulation (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pop Town (Europe) (En,Fr,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Popstars (Germany) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Poptropica Adventures (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Poptropica Adventures (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Populous DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Populous DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Populous DS (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pororon! Docomodake DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Postcode Loterij Een tegen 100 (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Postman Pat (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Postman Pat - Special Delivery Service (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/PostPet DS - Yumemiru Momo to Fushigi no Pen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Poupeegirl DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Poupeegirl DS 2 - Elegant Mint Style (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Poupeegirl DS 2 - Sweet Pink Style (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Power Play Pool (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Power Play Pool (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Power Pocket Koushien (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Power Pro Kun Pocket 10 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Power Pro Kun Pocket 11 (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Power Pro Kun Pocket 12 (Japan) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Power Pro Kun Pocket 13 (Japan) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Power Pro Kun Pocket 14 (Japan) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Power Pro Kun Pocket 8 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Power Pro Kun Pocket 9 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Power Rangers - Samurai (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Power Rangers - Samurai (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Power Rangers - Super Legends (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Power Rangers - Super Legends (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Power Rangers Go-Busters (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Powerbike (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Powerful Golf (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Powerful Pro-yagu Begins (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Powerplay Tennis (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/PowerQuiz - Allgemeinbildung (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/PowerQuiz - Die Sport-Edition (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Powershot Pinball Constructor (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ppiyodamari DS (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Practise English! (Europe) (Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Press Your Luck - 2010 Edition (USA) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Prey the Stars (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Prey the Stars - Gabu Gabu Planet (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Price Is Right, The (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Price Is Right, The - 2010 Edition (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Prince of Persia - The Fallen King (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Prince of Persia - The Fallen King (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Prince of Persia - The Forgotten Sands (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Prince of Persia - The Forgotten Sands (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Princess and the Frog, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Princess and the Frog, The (Europe) (En,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Princess and the Frog, The (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Princess and the Frog, The - Taste of New Orleans Edition (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Princess Angel - Baeguiui Cheonsa (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Princess Bakery (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Princess Ballerina - Yumemiru 4-nin no Prima Donna (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Princess Debut (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Princess Debut - The Royal Ball (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Princess in Love (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Princess in Love (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Princess Isabella - A Witch's Curse (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Princess Isabella - Witch's Curse (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Princess Isabella - Witch's Curse (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Princess Lillifee - My Wonderful World (Europe) (Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Princess Maker 4 - Special Edition (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Princess Maker 4 - Special Edition (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Princess Melody (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Princess Natasha - Student, Secret Agent, Princess (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Princess Natasha - Student, Secret Agent, Princess (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Princess on Ice (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Princess on Ice (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Princess on Ice (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Princess on Ice (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Prinses Lillifee (Europe) (Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Prinzessin Lillifee - Feenzauber (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Prinzessin Lillifee - Meine Liebsten Freunde (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Prinzessin Lillifee - Meine Wunderbare Welt (Germany) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Prinzessin Lillifee - Spielesammlung (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Prinzessin Lillifee Puzzle - Echter Puzzlespass fuer Unterwegs (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Prism - Light the Way (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Prism - Light the Way (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pro Action Replay DS (Japan) (v1.21) (Unl) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pro Action Replay DS (Japan) (v1.50) (Unl) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pro Action Replay Ez (Japan) (Unl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pro Action Replay MAX (World) (Unl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pro Evolution Soccer 2008 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pro Evolution Soccer 2008 (USA) (En,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pro Evolution Soccer 6 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pro Yakyuu Famista DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pro Yakyuu Famista DS 2009 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pro Yakyuu Famista DS 2010 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pro Yakyuu Team o Tsukurou! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pro Yakyuu Team o Tsukurou! 2 (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Prof di Parole, Il (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Profesor Layton y el Futuro Perdido, El (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Profesor Layton y la Caja de Pandora, El (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Profesor Layton y la Llamada del Espectro, El (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professeur Layton et l'Appel du Spectre (France) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professeur Layton et l'Appel du Spectre (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professeur Layton et la Boite de Pandore (France) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professeur Layton et la Boite de Pandore (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professeur Layton et le Destin Perdu (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professional Fisherman's Tour - Northern Hemisphere (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Brainium's Games (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Brainmaniac (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Heinz Wolff's Gravity (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Heinz Wolff's Gravity (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Kageyama's Maths Training - The Hundred Cell Calculation Method (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Kageyama's Maths Training - The Hundred Cell Calculation Method (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Layton and Pandora's Box (Europe) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Layton and Pandora's Box (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Layton and the Curious Village (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Layton and the Curious Village (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Layton and the Curious Village (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Layton and the Curious Village (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Layton and the Diabolical Box (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Layton and the Diabolical Box (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Layton and the Last Specter (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Layton and the Lost Future (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Layton and the Spectre's Call (Europe) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Layton and the Spectre's Call (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Layton and the Unwound Future (USA) (Video).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Layton and the Unwound Future (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Layton e il Futuro Perduto, Il (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Layton e il Richiamo dello Spettro, Il (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Layton e lo Scrigno di Pandora, Il (Italy) (Demo) (Kiosk) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Layton e lo Scrigno di Pandora, Il (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Layton en de Doos van Pandora (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Layton en de Melodie van het Spook (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Layton en de Verloren Toekomst (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Layton und der Ruf des Phantoms (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Layton und die Schatulle der Pandora (Germany) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Layton und die Schatulle der Pandora (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Layton und die Verlorene Zukunft (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor's Brain Trainer, The - Logic (Europe) (En,Fr,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor's Brain Trainer, The - Memory (Europe) (En,Fr,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Project Hacker - Kakusei (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Project Rub (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Project Rub (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Prova del Cuoco, La (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pucca - Power Up (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pucca - Power Up (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pucca - Power Up (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puchi Puchi Virus (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puchi Puchi Virus (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puffins - Island Adventure (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puppy Luv - Spa and Resort (Europe) (Fr,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puppy Luv - Spa and Resort (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puppy Luv - Spa and Resort (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puppy Palace (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Purr Pals (Europe) (En,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Purr Pals (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Purr Pals (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pururun! Shizuku-chan - Meiro no Mori no Doubutsu-tachi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pururun! Shizuku-chan Aha - DS Drill Kokugo (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pururun! Shizuku-chan Aha - DS Drill Sansuu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puss in Boots (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puss in Boots (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puyo Pop Fever (Europe) (En,Ja).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puyo Pop Fever (USA) (En,Ja).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puyo Puyo 7 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puyo Puyo Fever (Japan) (En,Ja).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puyo Puyo Fever Two! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puyo Puyo! - Puyopuyo 15th Anniversary (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puyo Puyo! - Puyopuyo 15th Anniversary (Japan) (Rev 2).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puyo Puyo! - Puyopuyo 15th Anniversary (Japan) (Rev 3).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puyo Puyo! - Puyopuyo 15th Anniversary (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puyo Puyo!! - Puyopuyo 20th Anniversary (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puyo Puyo!! - Puyopuyo 20th Anniversary - Taikenban (Japan) (Demo).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Bobble DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Bobble Galaxy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Chronicles (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Chronicles (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle City (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle City (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle de Harvest Moon (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Expedition (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Kingdoms (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Kingdoms (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle League DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Mate DS - Crossword Mate (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Mate DS - Nanpure Mate (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Mate DS - Oekaki Mate (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Quest - Challenge of the Warlords (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Quest - Challenge of the Warlords (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Quest - Challenge of the Warlords (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Quest - Galactrix (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Quest - Galactrix (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Quest 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Quest 2 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Series - Jigsaw Puzzle - Koinu Mekuri Hen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Series - Jigsaw Puzzle - Koneko Mekuri Hen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Series - Jigsaw Puzzle - Oden-kun (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Series - Jigsaw Puzzle - Oden-kun 2 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Series Vol. 1 - Jigsaw Puzzle (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Series Vol. 10 - Hitori ni Shitekure (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Series Vol. 11 - Nurikabe (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Series Vol. 12 - Bijutsukan (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Series Vol. 13 - Kanji Puzzle (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Series Vol. 2 - Crossword (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Series Vol. 2 - Crossword (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Series Vol. 3 - Sudoku (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Series Vol. 4 - Kakuro (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Series Vol. 5 - Slither Link (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Series Vol. 6 - Illust Logic (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Series Vol. 7 - Crossword 2 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Series Vol. 8 - Nankuro (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Series Vol. 9 - Sudoku 2 Deluxe (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzle Time (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzler Brain Games (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzler Collection (Europe) (Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzler Collection (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzler Collection (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzler World (Europe) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzler World (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzler World (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzler World 2 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzler World 2011 (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzler World 2012 (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Puzzler World 2013 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Quest Braintainment (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Quest Trio, The (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Quest Trio, The (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Quest Trio, The - Jewels, Cards and Tiles (Europe) (En,Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Quest Trio, The - Jewels, Cards and Tiles (Europe) (Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Quest Trio, The - Jewels, Cards and Tiles (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Questions pour un Champion - Le Jeu Officiel - Edition Speciale 20 Ans (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Quick Yoga Training - Learn in Minutes a Day (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/QuickSpot (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Quiz & Touch Kensaku - Mushi Zukan DS - Mushi o Sagasou Shirabeyou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Quiz Kirameki Star Road (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Quiz Magic Academy DS (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Quiz Magic Academy DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Quiz Magic Academy DS - Futatsu no Jikuuseki (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Quiz no Tabi - Tetsudou Ryojou Hen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Quiz Present Variety Q-Sama!! DS - Pressure Study x Atama Ga Yokunaru Drill SP (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Quiz Taxi (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Quiz! Hexagon II (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Quiz! Nihongo-ou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/R4i Ultra (World) (Unl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Raa Raa the Noisy Lion (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rabbids Go Home (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rabbids Go Home - A Comedy Adventure (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rabbids Party - TV Party (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Race Driver - Create & Race (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Race Driver - Create & Race (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Race Driver - Grid (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Radiant Historia (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Radiant Historia (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rafa Nadal Tennis (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rafa Nadal Tennis (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ragnarok DS (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ragnarok DS (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ragnarok Online DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Raikou-Entei-Suicune-Celebi Distribution 2011 (USA) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rain Drops (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rainbow Islands Revolution (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rainbow Islands Revolution (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Raku Raku Shindenzu Training DS (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ram Racing (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ram Racing (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rango (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rango (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rapala Pro Bass Fishing (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ratatouille (Australia).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ratatouille (Europe) (En,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ratatouille (Europe) (Es,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ratatouille (Europe) (Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ratatouille (Europe) (It,El).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ratatouille (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ratatouille (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ratatouille - Food Frenzy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,El).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ratatouille - Food Frenzy (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rayman - Raving Rabbids (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rayman - Raving Rabbids (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rayman - Raving Rabbids - TV Party (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rayman - Raving Rabbids - TV Party (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rayman - Raving Rabbids 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rayman - Raving Rabbids 2 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rayman - Yeopgitokki - TV Party (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rayman DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rayman DS (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Reader Rabbit - Kindergarten (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Reader Rabbit - Math 4-8 yrs (Europe) (Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ready Steady Cook - The Game (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Real Adventures - Pet Vet (Europe) (De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Real Adventures - Pet Vet (Europe) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Real Adventures - Pet Vet (Europe) (En,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Real Adventures - Wild Horses - The Quest for the Golden Horse (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Real Adventures - Wild Horses - The Quest for the Golden Horse (Europe) (En,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Real Crimes - Jack the Ripper (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Real Crimes - Jack the Ripper (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Real Crimes - Jack the Ripper (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Real Crimes - The Unicorn Killer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Real Football 2008 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Real Football 2009 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Real Soccer 2008 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Real Soccer 2009 (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Real Stories - Amoureux pour la Vie (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Real Stories - Babies (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Real Stories - Best Friends - Mon Poulain, Mon Cheval (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Real Stories - Cheval Academy (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Real Stories - Fashion Shop (Europe) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Real Stories - Mijn Babycreche (Europe) (En,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Real Stories - Mission Equitation (France) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Real Stories - Mon Hotel de Reve (France) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Real Stories - Passion 4 Fashion (Europe) (En,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Real Stories - Veterinaire (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Real Stories - Veterinaire - Mission Australie (France) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Real Time Conflict - Shogun Empires (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Really Really! - ReaRea DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rec Room Games (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Recettes de Cuisine avec Cyril Lignac (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Red Bull BC One (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Red Bull BC One (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Red Stone DS - Akaki Ishi ni Michibikareshi Mono-tachi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rekishi Adventure - Quiz Sangokushi Tsuu DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rekishi Gunzou Presents - Monoshiri Bakumatsu Ou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rekishi Gunzou Presents - Monoshiri Sangokushi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rekishi Gunzou Presents - Monoshiri Sengoku Ou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rekishi Nouryoku Kentei Kyoukai Kounin - Yamakawa Shuppansha Kanshuu - Rekiken DS - Nihonshi, Sekaishi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rekishi Simulation Game - Sangokushi DS (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rekishi Simulation Game - Sangokushi DS (Japan) (Rev 2).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rekishi Simulation Game - Sangokushi DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rekishi Simulation Game - Sangokushi DS 3 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rekishi Taisen - Gettenka - Tenkaichi Battle Royale (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Relaxation Puzzle Game - Nemurenai Yoru to Puzzle no Hi ni wa.... (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Remindelight (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Remy no Oishii Restaurant (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rentiangougou (China) (Demo) (Kiosk) (iDS).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Resident Evil - Deadly Silence (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Resident Evil - Deadly Silence (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Restaurant Tycoon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Retro Arcade Toppers (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Retro Atari Classics (USA, Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Retro Game Challenge (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Reversal Challenge (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rhapsody - A Musical Adventure (Europe) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rhapsody - A Musical Adventure (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rhythm 'n Notes (Europe) (En,Fr,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rhythm 'n Notes - Improve Your Music Skills (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rhythm de Cooking - Sweets Party e Youkoso (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rhythm de Run Run Run (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rhythm Heaven (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rhythm Heaven (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rhythm Paradise (Europe) (En,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rhythm Paradise (Europe) (En,Fr,De) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rhythm Paradise (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rhythm Sesang (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rhythm Tengoku Gold (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ridge Racer DS (USA, Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Riding Academy 2 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Riding Star 3 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rijexamen Training 2008 - Code de la Route 2008 (Europe) (Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rilakkuma Rhythm - Mattari Kibun de Dararan Ran (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey - Circus Friends - Asian Elephants (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey - It's My Circus - Elephant Friend (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rio (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rio (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rise of the Guardians (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rise of the Guardians (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rittai Picross (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/River City - Soccer Hooligans (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/River City - Super Sports Challenge (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/River King - Mystic Valley (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Riz-Zoawd (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Road to Vegas (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Roary the Racing Car (Europe) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Roary the Racing Car (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Robbie Konijn - Leer Lezen en Schrijven (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Robocalypse (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Robogear 3D Tactics (USA) (Proto).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Robots (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Robots (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Robots (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rock Band 3 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rock Band 3 (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rock Blast (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rock Revolution (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rock Revolution (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rockin' Pretty (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rockman EXE - Operate Shooting Star (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rockman EXE 5 DS - Twin Leaders (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rockman Zero Collection (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rockman ZX (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rockman ZX - Advent (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rollercoaster Park (Europe) (En,Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rollin' Rascals (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rondo of Swords (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Roogoo Attack! (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rooms - Fushigi na Ugoku Heya (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rooms - The Main Building (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rooms - The Main Building (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rosario to Vampire - Tanabata no Miss Youkai Gakuen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/RPG Tkool DS (Japan) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/RPG Tsukuru DS+ - Create The New World (Japan) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rub Rabbits!, The (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rub Rabbits!, The (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rubik's Puzzle World (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rubik's World (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rudolph - The Red-Nosed Reindeer (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rule of Speed (Europe) (Proto 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rule of Speed (Europe) (Proto 2).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Runaway - A Twist of Fate (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Runaway - The Dream of the Turtle (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Runaway - The Dream of the Turtle (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rune Factory - A Fantasy Harvest Moon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rune Factory - A Fantasy Harvest Moon (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rune Factory - Shin Bokujou Monogatari (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rune Factory - Sinmokjjangiyagi (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rune Factory 2 (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rune Factory 2 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rune Factory 2 - A Fantasy Harvest Moon (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rune Factory 2 - A Fantasy Harvest Moon (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rune Factory 3 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rune Factory 3 - A Fantasy Harvest Moon (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rune Factory 3 - A Fantasy Harvest Moon (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rupupu Cube - Lup Salad DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Russel Grant's Astrology (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ryoukiki Exercise - Riron no Migite to Kansei no Hidarite (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ryuusei no Rockman - Dragon (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ryuusei no Rockman - Leo (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ryuusei no Rockman - Pegasus (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ryuusei no Rockman 2 - Berserk x Dinosaur (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ryuusei no Rockman 2 - Berserk x Shinobi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ryuusei no Rockman 3 - Black Ace (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ryuusei no Rockman 3 - Red Joker (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Saeki Chizu Shiki Yumemihada - Dream Skincare (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Safari Adventures - Africa (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Safari Adventures - Africa (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Safecracker - The Ultimate Puzzle Adventure (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Safecracker - The Ultimate Puzzle Challenge! (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SaGa 2 - Hihou Densetsu - Goddess of Destiny (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SaGa 3 - Jikuu no Hasha - Shadow or Light (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Saga no Gabai Baachan DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Saibanin Suiri Game - Yuuzai x Muzai (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Saihai no Yukue (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Saikin Koi Shiteru (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Saikyou Toudai Shougi DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sailor Moon - La Luna Splende (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Saitou Takashi no DS de Yomu - Sanshoku Ballpen Meisaku Juku (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Saiyuuki Kinkaku Ginkaku no Inbou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Saka Tsuku DS - Touch and Direct (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Saka Tsuku DS - Touch and Direct (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Saka Tsuku DS - World Challenge 2010 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sakana to Asobou! - Aquazone DS - Kaisuigyo (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sakasete! Chibi-Robo! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sakashou DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sakura Note - Ima ni Tsunagaru Mirai (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sakusaku Jinkou Kokyuu Care Training DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sally's Salon (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Salon Superstar (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sam Power - Firefighter (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sam Power - Footballer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sam Power - Handyman (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sam Power - Policeman (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Samantha Oups! - Le Jeu (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Samantha Swift and the Hidden Roses of Athena (Europe) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Samantha Swift and the Hidden Roses of Athena (Europe) (En,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Samantha Swift and the Hidden Roses of Athena (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Samantha Swift and the Hidden Roses of Athena (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Samgukji DS 2 (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/San-X Character Channel - All-Star Daishuugou! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/San-X Character Sagashi Land (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/San-X Land - Theme Park de Asobou! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sands of Destruction (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sangokushi DS 2 (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sangokushi DS 2 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sangokushi Taisen DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sangokushi Taisen Ten (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sankei Sports Kanshuu - Keiba Ryoku Nintei Shiken - Baken DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sankei Sports Kanshuu - Wi-Fi Baken Yosou Ryoku Training - Umania 2007 Nendo Ban (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sansuu Olympic Iinkai Kouan - Suuji de Kitaeru Nouryoku Training - Algo & Trinca (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sansuu Puzzle de Migaku - Gakken Otona no Shikou Sense (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sansuu Puzzle Game - Equal Card DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Santa Claus is Comin' to Town (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sarah - Die Hueterin des Einhorns (Europe) (Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sarah - Keeper of the Unicorn (USA) (En,Es) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sarainneun Yeongeoro Ganghaejineun Siljeon! - DS Yeongeo Sammaegyeong (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Saru Saru DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Satisfashion - Rock the Runway (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sawaru Made in Wario (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sawaru Made in Wario (Japan) (Rev 2).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sawaru Made in Wario (Japan) (Rev 3).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sawaru Made in Wario (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SBI Group Kanshuu - Hajimeyou! Shisan Unyou DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SBK - Snowboard Kids (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SBK - Snowboard Kids (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Scene It Twilight (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Scene It Twilight (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Schaakmat! (Netherlands) (En,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Schach & Matt (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Schach (Germany) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Schach Attacke (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Schatz der Delfine, Der (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Science Papa (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Science Papa (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Scooby-Doo! - First Frights (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Scooby-Doo! - First Frights (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Scooby-Doo! - Qui Regarde Qui (France) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Scooby-Doo! - Unmasked (Europe) (En,Fr,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Scooby-Doo! - Unmasked (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Scooby-Doo! - Wer Schaut Wem Zu (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Scooby-Doo! - Who's Watching Who (Europe) (Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Scooby-Doo! - Who's Watching Who (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Scooby-Doo! - Who's Watching Who (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Scooby-Doo! and the Spooky Swamp (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Scooby-Doo! and the Spooky Swamp (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Scotland Yard - Hunting Mister X (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Scotland Yard - Hunting Mister X (Europe) (En,De,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Scrabble - Crossword Game (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Scrabble Interactive - 2007 Edition (Europe) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Scrabble Interactive - 2009 Edition (Europe) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Scribblenauts (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Scribblenauts (Europe) (En,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Scribblenauts (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Scribblenauts Collection (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Scripps Spelling Bee (USA) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Scurge - Hive (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Scurge - Hive (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SD Gundam G Generation - Cross Drive (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SD Gundam G Generation DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SD Gundam Sangoku Den - Brave Battle Warriors - Shin Militia Taisen (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sea Monsters - A Prehistoric Adventure (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sea Monsters - A Prehistoric Adventure (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sea Park Tycoon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da,Fi) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sea Park Tycoon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sea Park Tycoon (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Secret Egg Distribution 2011 (USA) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Secret Files - Tunguska (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Secret Files - Tunguska (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Secret Files 2 - Puritas Cordis (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Secret Flirts - Make Everyone Fall For You! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Secret Key Distribution 2009 (USA) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Secret Saturdays, The - Beasts of the 5th Sun (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Secret Saturdays, The - Beasts of the 5th Sun (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Secret Story - Le Jeu Officiel de l'Emission (France) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Secrets of the Titanic 1912-2012 (Europe) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sega Casino (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sega Casino (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sega Presents - Touch Darts (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sega Superstars Tennis (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sega Superstars Tennis (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Seiken Densetsu - Heroes of Mana (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Seiken Densetsu DS - Children of Mana (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Seitokai no Ichizon - DS Suru Seitokai (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sekai Fushigi Hakken! DS - Densetsu no Hitoshi-kun Ningyou o Sagase! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sekai no Gohan - Shaberu! DS Oryouri Navi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sekai no Hate made ItteQ! - Chinjuu Hunter Imoto no Daibouken (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sekai no Shougi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sekai wa Atashi de Mawatteru (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sekaiju no Meikyuu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sekaiju no Meikyuu II - Shoou no Seihai (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sekaiju no Meikyuu II - Shoou no Seihai (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sekaiju no Meikyuu III - Seikai no Raihousha (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sekaishi DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sengoku Spirits - Gunshi Den (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sengoku Spirits - Moushou Den (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sengoku Spirits - Shukun Den (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sesame Street - Elmo's Musical Monsterpiece (USA) (En,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sesame Street - Ready, Set, Grover! (Australia).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sesame Street - Ready, Set, Grover! (Europe) (Es,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Settlement Colossus (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Settlers, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Settlers, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Settlers, The (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shaberu! DS Oryouri Navi (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shaberu! DS Oryouri Navi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shaberu! DS Oryouri Navi - Marugoto Teikoku Hotel (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shakugan no Shana DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shamu's Deep Sea Adventures (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shamu's Deep Sea Adventures (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shane Watson's Power Play Cricket 2011 (Australia).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shanghai (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shaun the Sheep (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shaun the Sheep (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shaun the Sheep - Off His Head (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shaun White Snowboarding (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shaun White Snowboarding (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shawn Johnson Gymnastics (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shaymin Distribution 2009 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shaymin-Regigigas Distribution 2009 (USA) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shenyou Maliou DS (China) (iDS).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shepherd's Crossing 2 DS (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sherlock Holmes - The Mystery of the Mummy (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sherlock Holmes and the Mystery of Osborne House (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sherlock Holmes DS - The Mystery of the Mummy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sherlock Holmes DS and the Mystery of Osborne House (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shibou Nenshou Keikaku - Yasetore!! DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shichida Shiki Training - Unou Tanren Unotan DS - Shun Kan Shoubu! Handanryoku (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shichida Shiki Training - Unou Tanren Unotan DS - Shun Kan Shoubu! Kiokuryoku (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shichida Shiki Training - Unou Tanren Unotan DS - Shun Kan Shoubu! Shuuchuuryoku (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shichidasik Unoedallyeon - Super Brain (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shikaku Kentei DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shikakui Atama o Maruku Suru. DS - Joushiki, Nanmon no Shou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shikakui Atama o Maruku Suru. DS - Kanji no Shou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shikakui Atama o Maruku Suru. DS - Keisan no Shou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shin 'Noukyou' Iku (Japan) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shin chan - Aventuras de Cine! (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shin chan contra los Plastas! (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shin chan e i Colori Magici! (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shin chan Flipa en Colores! (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shin Hisui no Shizuku - Hiiro no Kakera 2 DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shin Lucky Star Moe Drill - Tabidachi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shin Maru Goukaku - Shikaku Dasshu! IT Passport Shiken, Kihon Jouhou Gijutsusha Shiken, Ouyou Jouhou Gijutsusha Shiken (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shin Megami Tensei - Devil Survivor (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shin Megami Tensei - Devil Survivor 2 (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shin Megami Tensei - Devil Survivor 2 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shin Megami Tensei - Strange Journey (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shin Megami Tensei - Strange Journey (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shin Sangoku Musou DS - Fighter's Battle (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shin Sengoku Tenka Touitsu - Gunyuu-tachi no Souran (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shining Force Feather (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shining Stars - Super Starcade (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shining Stars - Super Starcade (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shinreigari - Ghost Hound DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shinri Kenkyuuka Yuki Yu Kanshuu - Mainichi Kokorobics - DS Therapy (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shinseiki Evangelion - Ayanami Ikusei Keikaku DS with Asuka Hokan Keikaku (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shiny Dialga-Palkia-Giratina Distribution 2013 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shiny Dialga-Palkia-Giratina Distribution 2013 (Europe) (En,Fr,Es,It) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shiny Dialga-Palkia-Giratina Distribution 2013 (USA) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shion no Ou - The Flowers of Hard Blood (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shiseido Beauty Solution Kaihatsu Center Kanshuu - Project Beauty (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shoho kara Hajimeru - Otona no Eitango Renshuu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shokugyou Taiken Adventure - 13-sai no Hello Work DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shonen Magazine Comics Special Pack (Japan) (DSvision).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shonen Sunday Comics Special Pack (Japan) (DSvision).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shorts (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shougi World Champion - Gekisashi DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shoukou Shindan Training DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shounen Kininden Tsumuji (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shounen Sunday & Shounen Magazine - White Comic (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Showtime Championship Boxing (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Showtime Championship Boxing (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shrek - E Vissero Felici e Contenti (Italy) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shrek - Forever After (Europe) (De,Es) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shrek - Forever After (Europe) (En,Fr) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shrek - Forever After (Europe) (Nl,Sv) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shrek - Forever After (USA) (En,Fr) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shrek - Oger und Dresel (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shrek - Ogres & Dronkeys (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shrek - Ogres & Dronkeys (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shrek - Ogres & Dronkeys (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shrek - Ogres et Dranons (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shrek - Ogritos y Drasnos (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shrek - Orchetti e Ciuchini (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shrek - Smash n' Crash Racing (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shrek - Smash n' Crash Racing (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shrek - Super Slam (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shrek - Super Slam (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shrek de Derde (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shrek der Dritte (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shrek le Troisieme (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shrek Tercero (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shrek Terzo (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shrek the Third (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shrek the Third (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shrek's Carnival Craze - Party Games (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shrek's Carnival Craze - Party Games (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shugo Chara! - 3-tsu no Tamago to Koisuru Joker (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shugo Chara! - Amu no Nijiiro Chara Change (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shugo Chara! - Nori Nori! CharanaRhythm (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shunkan Puzz Loop (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shuwa no Mori (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sid Meier's Civilization Revolution (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sid Meier's Civilization Revolution (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sid Meier's Civilization Revolution (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sideswiped (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sight Training - Enjoy Exercising and Relaxing Your Eyes (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sight Training - Enjoy Exercising and Relaxing Your Eyes (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sightseeing Puzzle - Echter Puzzlespass fuer Unterwegs (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sigma Harmonics (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Signal (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Silke - Pixelines Lillesoester - Hoensefoedder og Guleroedder (Denmark).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Silke - Pixelines Lillesoester - Syng, Leg og Laer (Denmark) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sillybandz DS (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Silverlicious (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SimAnimals (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SimAnimals (Japan) (En,Ja).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SimAnimals (Korea) (En,Ko) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SimAnimals (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SimAnimals - Africa (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Nl,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SimAnimals - Africa (Japan) (En,Ja).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SimAnimals - Africa (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Nl,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SimCity - Creator (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SimCity - Creator (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SimCity - Creator (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SimCity DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SimCity DS (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SimCity DS (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SimCity DS - The Ultimate City Simulator (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SimCity DS - The Ultimate City Simulator (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SimCity DS 2 - Kodai kara Mirai e Tsuzuku Machi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 1 - The Mahjong (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 10 - The Dokodemo Kanji Quiz (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 11 - Mou Ichido Kayoeru - The Otona no Shougakkou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 12 - The Party Unou Quiz (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 13 - Ijoukishou o Tsuppashire - The Arashi no Drift Rally (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 14 - The Jidousha Kyoushuujo DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 15 - The Kanshikikan 2 - Aratanaru Yattsu no Jiken o Touch Seyo (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 15 - The Kanshikikan 2 - Aratanaru Yattsu no Jiken o Touch Seyo (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 16 - The Sagasou Fushigi na Konchuu no Mori (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 17 - The Nezumi no Action Game - Mouse Town Roddy to Rita no Daibouken (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 18 - The Soukou Kihei Gun Ground (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 19 - Yareba Dekiru! - The Micro Step Gijutsu de Oboeru Eitango (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 2 - The Billiard (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 20 - The Senkan (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 21 - The Hohei - Butai de Shutsugeki! Senjou no Inu-tachi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 22 - Age Age - The Zero-Yon Midnight (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 23 - The Puzzle Quest - Agaria no Kishi (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 23 - The Puzzle Quest - Agaria no Kishi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 24 - The Sensha (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 25 - The Koushounin (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 26 - The Quiz 30,000 Mon (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 27 - The Misshitsu kara no Dasshutsu - The Suiri Bangai Hen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 28 - The Illust Puzzle & Suuji Puzzle 2 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 29 - The Sports Daishuugou - Yakyuu, Tennis, Volleyball, Futsal, Golf (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 3 - The Mushitori Oukoku - Shinshu Hakken! Nokogiri Kabuto! (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 3 - The Mushitori Oukoku - Shinshu Hakken! Nokogiri Kabuto! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 30 - The Table Game - Mahjong, Igo, Shougi, Card, Hanafuda, Reversi, Gomoku Narabe (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 31 - The Chou Dangan!! Custom Sensha (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 32 - The Zombie Crisis (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 33 - The Crossword & Kanji Puzzle (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 34 - The Haisha-san (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 35 - The Genshijin (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 36 - ALC de Mi ni Tsuku! TOEIC Test - Bunpou Tokkun Hen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 37 - ALC de Mi ni Tsuku! TOEIC Test - Listening Kyouka Hen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 38 - ALC de Manabu! TOEIC Test - Hajimete Hen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 39 - The Shouboutai (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 4 - The Block Kuzushi (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 4 - The Block Kuzushi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 40 - The Gekai (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 41 - The Bakudan Shorihan (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 42 - The Haioku Byoutou - Norowareta Byouin kara no Dasshutsu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 43 - The Host Shiyouze! - DX Night King (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 44 - The Gal Mahjong (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 45 - The Misshitsu kara no Dasshutsu 2 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 46 - The Hikyou Tankentai - Choujou Special 'Kyoui! Jinrui Mitou no Sekai Kakuchi ni Nazo no Mikakunin Seibutsu wa Sonzai Shita!!' (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 47 - The Suiri - Shinshou 2009 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 48 - The Saibanin - 1-tsu no Shinjitsu, 6-tsu no Kotae (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 5 - The Trump (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 6 - The Party Game (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 7 - The Illust Puzzle & Suuji Puzzle (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 7 - The Illust Puzzle & Suuji Puzzle (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 8 - The Kanshikikan - Kinkyuu Shutsudou! Jiken Genba o Touch Seyo! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simple DS Series Vol. 9 - Atama ga Yokunaru - The Me no Training (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simpson, I - Il Videogioco (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simpson, Les - Le Jeu (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simpson, Los - El Videojuego (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simpsons Game, The (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simpsons Game, The (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Simpsons, Die - Das Spiel (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sims 2, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sims 2, The (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sims 2, The - Apartment Pets (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sims 2, The - Apartment Pets (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sims 2, The - Castaway (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sims 2, The - Castaway (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sims 2, The - Castaway (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sims 2, The - Hachamecha Hotel Life (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sims 2, The - Pet Wannyan Life (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sims 2, The - Pets (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sims 2, The - Pets (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sims 2, The - Survival (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sims 3, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sims 3, The (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Six Flags Fun Park (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Skate It (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Skate It (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Slide Adventure - Mag Kid (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Slime Morimori Dragon Quest 2 - Daisensha to Shippo Dan (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Slingo Quest (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sloane to MacHale no Nazo no Story (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sloane to MacHale no Nazo no Story 2 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Smart Boy's Gameroom (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Smart Boy's Gameroom 2 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Smart Boy's Toys Club (USA) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Smart Boy's Winter Wonderland (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Smart Girl's Magical Book Club (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Smart Girl's Party Game (USA) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Smart Girl's Playhouse (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Smart Girl's Playhouse 2 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Smart Girl's Playhouse Party (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Smart Girl's Winter Wonderland (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Smart Kid's Gameclub (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Smart Kid's Mega Game Mix (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Smart Kid's Party Fun Pak (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SmileyWorld - Island Challenge (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SmileyWorld - Island Challenge (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Smurfs 2, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Smurfs 2, The (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Smurfs Collection, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Smurfs, The (Europe) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Smurfs, The (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SNK vs. Capcom - Card Fighters DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SNK vs. Capcom - Card Fighters DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SNK vs. Capcom - Card Fighters DS (USA) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SNK vs. Capcom - Card Fighters DS (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Snood 2 - On Vacation (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Snood 2 - On Vacation (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Snoopy DS - Snoopy to Nakama-tachi ni Ai ni Ikou! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Snoopy no Aiken DS - Shitte Okitai Inu no Koto, Inu no Nouryoku, Anata no Shitsuke (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Snoopy to Issho ni DS Eigo Lesson (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Snowboard Kids Party (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/So Blonde - Back to the Island (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sofie - Josefines Lillesoester - Hoensefoetter og Guleroetter (Norway).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sofie - Josefines Lillesoester - Syng, Lek og Laer (Norway).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sokoban DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Solatorobo - Red the Hunter (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Solatorobo - Red the Hunter (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Solatorobo - Sorekara Coda e (Japan) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Solitaire (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Solitaire DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Solitaire Mahjong - Ancient China Adventure (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Solitaire Overload (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Solitaire Overload Plus (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Soma Bringer (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sommelier DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sonic & Sega All-Stars Racing (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sonic & Sega All-Stars Racing (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sonic Chronicles - The Dark Brotherhood (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sonic Chronicles - The Dark Brotherhood (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sonic Chronicles - Yami Jigen kara no Shinryakusha (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sonic Classic Collection (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sonic Classic Collection (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sonic Colors (Japan) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sonic Colors (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sonic Colours (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sonic Rush (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sonic Rush (Japan) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sonic Rush (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sonic Rush (World) (En,Ja) (Demo) (Kiosk, E3 2005).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sonic Rush Adventure (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sonic Rush Adventure (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sonic Rush Adventure (Japan) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sonic Rush Adventure (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sonic Rush Adventure (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sonny with a Chance (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sonny with a Chance (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sonshi no Heihou DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sonyeojeok Yeonae Hyeongmyeong - Love Revo!! DS (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sora no Otoshimono Forte - Dreamy Season (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sorcerer's Apprentice, The (Europe) (En,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sorcerer's Apprentice, The (USA) (En,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Soreike! Anpanman - Baikinman no Daisakusen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Soroban DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Soroeru Puzzle Douwa Oukoku (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Soukoku no Kusabi - Hiiro no Kakera 3 DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Soul Bubbles (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Soul Bubbles (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Soul Eater - Medusa no Inbou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Souseiki Gadget Robo (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Space Bust-A-Move (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Space Camp (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Space Camp (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Space Chimps (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Space Chimps (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Space Invaders DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Space Invaders Extreme (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Space Invaders Extreme (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Space Invaders Extreme (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Space Invaders Extreme 2 (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Space Invaders Extreme 2 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Space Invaders Extreme 2 (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Space Invaders Revolution (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Space Invaders Revolution (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Space Puzzle Bobble (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spanish Buddy (Europe) (Fr,De,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spanish for Everyone! (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spectral Force - Genesis (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spectral Force - Genesis (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spectral Force - Genesis (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spectral Force - Genesis (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spectrobes (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spectrobes (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spectrobes - Beyond the Portals (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spectrobes - Beyond the Portals (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Speed Racer (Japan) (En,Ja).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Speed Racer - The Videogame (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Speed Racer - The Videogame (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spellbound (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spelling Challenges and More! (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spider-Man - Allie ou Ennemi (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spider-Man - Amici o Nemici (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spider-Man - Amigo o Enemigo (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spider-Man - Bataille pour New York (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spider-Man - Battle for New York (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spider-Man - Battle for New York (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spider-Man - Battle for New York (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spider-Man - Battle for New York (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spider-Man - Battle for New York (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spider-Man - Edge of Time (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spider-Man - Edge of Time (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spider-Man - Freund oder Feind (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spider-Man - Friend or Foe (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spider-Man - Friend or Foe (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spider-Man - Shattered Dimensions (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spider-Man - Shattered Dimensions (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spider-Man - Web of Shadows (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spider-Man - Web of Shadows (Europe) (Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spider-Man - Web of Shadows (USA) (En,Fr) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spider-Man 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spider-Man 2 (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spider-Man 2 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spider-Man 2 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spider-Man 3 (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spider-Man 3 (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spider-Man 3 (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spider-Man 3 (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spider-Man 3 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spider-Man 3 (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spider-Man 3 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spiderwick Chronicles, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spiderwick Chronicles, The (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spiegel Online - Die Wissenstrainer-Serie - Allgemeinwissen (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spiegel Online - Die Wissenstrainer-Serie - Karriere Coach (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spiegel Online - Die Wissenstrainer-Serie - Life Coach (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spiegel Online - Die Wissenstrainer-Serie - Weltreise (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spielend Mathe Lernen (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spitfire Heroes - Tales of the Royal Air Force (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SpongeBob - SpongeBob's Truth or Square (Europe) (En,De,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SpongeBob and Friends - Battle for Volcano Island (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SpongeBob SquarePants - Creature from the Krusty Krab (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SpongeBob SquarePants - Creature from the Krusty Krab (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SpongeBob SquarePants - Frantic Fry Cook (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SpongeBob SquarePants - Plankton's Robotic Revenge (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SpongeBob SquarePants - Plankton's Robotic Revenge (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SpongeBob SquarePants - SpongeBob to Nakama-tachi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SpongeBob SquarePants - SpongeBob to Nakama-tachi - Toybot no Kougeki (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SpongeBob SquarePants - The Yellow Avenger (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SpongeBob SquarePants - The Yellow Avenger (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SpongeBob SquarePants - The Yellow Avenger (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SpongeBob SquarePants and Friends Unite! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SpongeBob SquarePants featuring Nicktoons - Globs of Doom (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SpongeBob SquarePants featuring Nicktoons - Globs of Doom (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SpongeBob to Atlantis, Ikitain Desu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SpongeBob und Seine Freunde - Angriff der Spielzeugroboter (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SpongeBob vs the Big One - Beach Party Cook-Off (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SpongeBob Yori Daesodong (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SpongeBob's Atlantis SquarePantis (Europe) (De,El).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SpongeBob's Atlantis SquarePantis (Europe) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SpongeBob's Atlantis SquarePantis (Europe) (Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SpongeBob's Atlantis SquarePantis (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SpongeBob's Boating Bash (Europe) (En,De) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SpongeBob's Boating Bash (Europe) (En,Es) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SpongeBob's Boating Bash (USA) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SpongeBob's Surf & Skate - Roadtrip (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SpongeBob's Surf & Skate - Roadtrip (Europe) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SpongeBob's Truth or Square (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SpongeBobgwa Chingudeul (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/SpongeBobui Atlantis (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spooky Story (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spore - Kimi ga Tsukuru Hero (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spore Creatures (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spore Creatures (Japan) (En,Ja).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spore Creatures (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spore Creatures (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spore Hero Arena (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spore Hero Arena (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sports Collection (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sports Collection (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sports Island DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sprung - A Game Where Everyone Scores (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sprung - The Dating Game (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spy Kids - All the Time in the World (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spyro - Shadow Legacy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spyro - Shadow Legacy (USA) (Beta).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Spyro - Shadow Legacy (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Squeeballs Party (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Squeeballs Party (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Squinkies - Surprise Inside (USA) (En,Fr) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Squinkies - Surprize Inside (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Squinkies - Surprize Inside (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Squinkies 2 - Adventure Mall Surprize! (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Squishy Tank (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Star Fox Command (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Star Fox Command (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Star Fox Command (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Star Trek - Tactical Assault (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Star Trek - Tactical Assault (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Star Wars - Battlefront - Elite Squadron (Europe) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Star Wars - Battlefront - Elite Squadron (Europe) (Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Star Wars - Battlefront - Elite Squadron (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Star Wars - Battlefront - Elite Squadron (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Star Wars - Episode III - Revenge of the Sith (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Star Wars - Episode III - Revenge of the Sith (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Star Wars - Episode III - Sith no Fukushuu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Star Wars - Lethal Alliance (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Star Wars - Lethal Alliance (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Star Wars - The Clone Wars - Jedi Alliance (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Star Wars - The Clone Wars - Jedi Alliance (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Star Wars - The Clone Wars - Republic Heroes (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Star Wars - The Clone Wars - Republic Heroes (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Star Wars - The Force Unleashed (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Star Wars - The Force Unleashed (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Star Wars - The Force Unleashed (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Star Wars - The Force Unleashed (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Star Wars - The Force Unleashed II (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Star Wars - The Force Unleashed II (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Starz (Europe) (En,Fr,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Steal Princess (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Steal Princess - Touzoku Koujo (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Steel Horizon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Steel Horizon (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sternenschweif - Das Geheimnis im Zauberwald (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sternentaenzer - Das Geheimnisvolle Pferd (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Steve Soresi no Business Eikaiwa Pera Pera DS Training (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Steve Soresi no Eikaiwa Pera Pera DS Training (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Stitch Jam (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Stitch! DS - Ohana to Rhythm de Daibouken (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Story of Noah's Ark, The (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Stratego - Next Edition (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Strawberry Shortcake - Strawberryland Games (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,Nl,No).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Strawberry Shortcake - Strawberryland Games (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Strawberry Shortcake - The Four Seasons Cake (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Strawberry Shortcake - The Four Seasons Cake (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Street Football (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Strike Witches - Soukuu no Dengekisen - Shin Taichou Funtou Suru! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Strike Witches 2 - Iyasu, Naosu, Punipuni Suru (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Strongest Pokemon Distribution (Japan) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Style Book - Cinnamoroll (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Style Book - Fushigi Boshi no Futago Hime Gyu! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Style Book - Junior City (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Style Lab - Fashion Design (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Style Lab - Jewelry Design (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Style Lab - Jewelry Design (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Style Lab - Makeover (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Style Savvy (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Style Savvy (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Subarashiki Kono Sekai - It's a Wonderful World (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Subbuteo (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Successfully Learning English (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Tr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Successfully Learning English - Year 2+3 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Tr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Successfully Learning English - Year 4+5 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Tr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Successfully Learning Mathematics (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Ru).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Successfully Learning Mathematics (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Tr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Successfully Learning Mathematics - Year 2+3 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Tr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Successfully Learning Mathematics - Year 4+5 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Tr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sudoku Ball Detective (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sudoku Ball Detective (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sudoku DS (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sudoku DS - Nikoli no 'Sudoku' Ketteiban (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sudoku Gridmaster (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sudoku Mania - Enhance Your Critical Thinking Skills! (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sudoku Master (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sudokumaniacs (Europe) (En,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sudokumaniacs (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sudokuro (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sudokuro - Sudoku & Kakuro Games (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sueddeutsche Zeitung Wissen - Mehr Kreuzwortraetsel (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sugar Bunnies DS - Yume no Sweets Koubou (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sugar Sugar Rune - Queen Shiken wa Dai-panic (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Suikoden - Tierkreis (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Suikoden - Tierkreis (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Suisui Physical Assessment Training DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Suite Life of Zack & Cody, The - Circle of Spies (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Suite Life of Zack & Cody, The - Circle of Spies (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Suite Life of Zack & Cody, The - Tipton Trouble (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Suite PreCure - Melody Collection (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sukashikashipanman DS - 'Shokotan' Koto Nakagawa Shoko Produce (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Suki Desu Suzuki-kun!! - 4-nin no Suzuki-kun (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sumeoinneun Nunui Him - DS Allyeok Training (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sumeun Sojireul Kkaeuneun - Geurimgyosil (Korea) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Summon Night (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Summon Night - Twin Age (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Summon Night 2 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Summon Night Twin Age - Seirei-tachi no Koe (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Summon Night X - Tears Crown (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sun Crossword Challenge, The (Europe) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sun Crossword Challenge, The (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sunday x Magazine - Nettou! Dream Nine (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sunrise Anime Zuke - Boku no Joushiki, Kimi no Hijoushiki - Vol. 1 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Supa Robo Gakuen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Auto Salon - Custom Car Contest (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Black Bass - Dynamic Shot (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Black Bass - Kitahankyuu o Tsuru (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Black Bass Fishing (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Black Bass Fishing (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Card DS (World) (Unl) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Card DS One (World) (v2) (Unl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Card DS One SDHC (World) (Unl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Card DS Two (World) (Unl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Collapse! 3 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Dodgeball Brawlers (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Fahrschule (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Fruit Fall (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Fruit Fall (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Fun Chess (Europe) (En,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Fun Sudoku (Europe) (En,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Kaseki Horider (Japan) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Kaseki Horider (Japan) (Rev 1) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Key (World) (v4.0) (Unl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Key (World) (v5.0) (Unl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Key (World) (v6.0) (Unl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Mario 64 DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Mario 64 DS (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Mario 64 DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Mario 64 DS (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Mario 64 DS (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Mario 64 DS (USA) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Mario 64 DS (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Monkey Ball - Touch & Roll (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Monkey Ball - Touch & Roll (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Monkey Ball DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Princess Peach (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Princess Peach (Japan) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Princess Peach (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Princess Peach (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Robot Taisen K (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Robot Taisen L (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Robot Taisen OG Saga - Endless Frontier (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Robot Taisen OG Saga - Masou Kishin - The Lord of Elemental (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Robot Taisen W (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Scribblenauts (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Scribblenauts (Europe) (En,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Scribblenauts (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Scribblenauts (USA) (En,Fr,Es,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Speed Machines (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Star Kartz (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Star Kartz (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Superman Returns (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Superman Returns (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Supermodel Makeover by Lauren Luke (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Supervivientes (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Surf's Up (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Surf's Up (Europe) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Surf's Up (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Surf's Up (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Survival Kids - Chiisana Shima no Ookina Himitsu! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Survival Kids - Lost in Blue (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Survival Kids - Lost in Blue 2 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Survivor (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sushi Academy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sushi Academy (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sushi Go-Round (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Suugaku Master DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Suujin Taisen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Suzuki Super-Bikes II - Riding Challenge (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Suzumiya Haruhi no Chokuretsu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sweet 16 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Syberia (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/T'choupi et Ses Amis (France) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/T.A.C. Heroes - Big Red One (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tabaluga - Gruenland in Gefahr (Europe) (Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tabi no Yubisashi Kaiwachou DS - DS Series 1 - Thai (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tabi no Yubisashi Kaiwachou DS - DS Series 2 - Chuugoku (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tabi no Yubisashi Kaiwachou DS - DS Series 3 - Kankoku (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tabi no Yubisashi Kaiwachou DS - DS Series 4 - America (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tabi no Yubisashi Kaiwachou DS - DS Series 5 - Duits (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Table Game Spirits (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Table Game Spirits 2 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Table Game Spirits Victory (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tactical Guild (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tacticslayer - Retainer Guard Senki (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tago Akira no Atama no Taisou - Dai-1-shuu - Nazotoki Sekai Isshuu Ryokou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tago Akira no Atama no Taisou - Dai-2-shuu - Ginga Oudan Nazotoki Adventure (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tago Akira no Atama no Taisou - Dai-3-shuu - Fushigi no Kuni no Nazotoki Otogibanashi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tago Akira no Atama no Taisou - Dai-4-shuu - Time Machine no Nazotoki Daibouken (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Taiheiyou no Arashi DS - Senkan Yamato, Akatsuki ni Shutsugeki Su! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Taiko no Tatsujin DS - Dororon! Yookai Daikessen!! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Taiko no Tatsujin DS - Touch de Dokodon! (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Taiko no Tatsujin DS - Touch de Dokodon! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Taisen!! Kato-chan no Kololon Pe (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Taitsu-kun - Joushi ga Okori-nikui Sawayaka Manners (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tak - Mojo Mistake (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tak - The Great Juju Challenge (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tak - The Great Juju Challenge (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tak - The Great Juju Challenge (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Takahashi Shoten Kanshuu - Saihinshutsu! SPI Perfect Mondaishuu DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Takahashi Shoten Kanshuu - Saihinshutsu! SPI Perfect Mondaishuu DS - 2010 Nendo Ban (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Takahashi Shoten Kanshuu - Saihinshutsu! SPI Perfect Mondaishuu DS - 2011 Nendo Ban (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Takahashi Shoten Kanshuu - Saihinshutsu! SPI Perfect Mondaishuu DS 2012 Nendohan (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Take a Break's Puzzle Bonanza (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Take a Break's Puzzle Master (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Takeout! DS Series 1 - Tetsudou Data File (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Takeout! DS Series 2 - Nippon no Yachou Daizukan (Japan) (Rev 1) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tale of Despereaux, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tale of Despereaux, The (USA) (En,Fr) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tales of Hearts - Anime Movie Edition (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tales of Hearts - CG Movie Edition (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tales of Innocence (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tales of the Tempest (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tales to Enjoy! - Little Red Riding Hood (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tales to Enjoy! - Puss in Boots (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tales to Enjoy! - The Three Little Pigs (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tales to Enjoy! - The Ugly Duckling (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tamagotch no Appare! Niji-Venture (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tamagotch no Kira Kira Omisetchi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tamagotch no Narikiri Challenge (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tamagotch no Narikiri Channel (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tamagotch no Pichi Pichi Omisetchi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tamagotch no Puchi Puchi Omisetchi (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tamagotch no Puchi Puchi Omisetchi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tamagotch no Puchi Puchi Omisetchi - Gohiiki Ni (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tamagotch no Puchi Puchi Omisetchi - Mina Sankyuu! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tamagotchi Collection (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tamagotchi Connection - Corner Shop (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tamagotchi Connection - Corner Shop 2 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tamagotchi Connection - Corner Shop 3 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tamagotchi Connexion - Corner Shop (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tamagotchi Connexion - Corner Shop 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tamagotchi Connexion - Corner Shop 3 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tangled (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tangled (Europe) (En,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tangled (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tangram Mania (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tank Battles (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tank Beat (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tank Beat (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tank Beat 2 - Gekitotsu! Duits-gun vs. Rengougun (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tank Beat 2 - Gyeokdol! Jeoncha Daejeon (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tanoshii Youchien - Kotoba to Asobo! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tantei Jinguuji Saburou DS - Akai Chou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tantei Jinguuji Saburou DS - Fuserareta Shinjitsu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tantei Jinguuji Saburou DS - Inishie no Kioku (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tantei Jinguuji Saburou DS - Kienai Kokoro (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tantei Kibukawa Ryousuke Jiken Tan - Kamen Genei Satsujin Jiken (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tao - Mamono no Tou to Mahou no Tamago (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tao's Adventure - Curse of the Demon Seal (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tao's Adventure - Curse of the Demon Seal (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tashiten - Tashite 10 ni Suru Monogatari (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Team Batista no Eikou - Shinjitsu o Tsumugu 4-tsu no Karte (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Team Umizoomi (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tecktonik - World Tour (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tecmo Bowl - Kickoff (USA) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles - Arcade Attack (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles - Arcade Attack (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 3 - Mutant Nightmare (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 3 - Mutant Nightmare (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Teenage Zombies - Invasion of the Alien Brain Thingys (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Teenage Zombies - Invasion of the Alien Brain Thingys (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tekipaki Kyuukyuu Kyuuhen Training DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tele 7 Jeux Inedits - Echecs (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tele 7 Jeux Inedits - Mots Croises - La Selection des Meilleurs Mots Croises (France) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tele 7 Jeux Inedits - Mots Fleches (France) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tele 7 Jeux Inedits - Professeur Brainmaniac (France) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tele 7 Jeux Inedits - Texas Hold 'em Poker Pack (France) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tele 7 Jeux Inedits - WordJong (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Telly Addicts (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tenchu - Dark Secret (Europe) (En,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tenchu - Dark Secret (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tenchu - Dark Secret (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tenchu - Dark Secret (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tenchu - Dark Shadow (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tengai Makyou II - Manji Maru (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tenkaichi - Sengoku Lovers DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tennis Elbow (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tennis Masters (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tennis no Ouji-sama - Doubles no Ouji-sama - Boys, Be Glorious! (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tennis no Ouji-sama - Doubles no Ouji-sama - Girls, Be Gracious! (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tennis no Ouji-sama - Driving Smash! - Side Genius (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tennis no Ouji-sama - Driving Smash! - Side King (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tennis no Ouji-sama - Gyutto! Dokidoki Survival - Umi to Yama no Love Passion (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tennis no Ouji-sama - Motto Gakuensai no Ouji-sama - More Sweet Edition (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tennis no Ouji-sama 2005 - Crystal Drive (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tenohira Gakushuu - Chikyuu no Narabe Kata (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tenohira Gakushuu - Kikutan DS Advanced (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tenohira Gakushuu - Kikutan DS Basic (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tenohira Gakushuu - Zettai Onkan Training DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tetris DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tetris DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tetris DS (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tetris DS (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tetris DS (USA) (Proto) (THQ).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tetris DS (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tetris Party Deluxe (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tetris Party Deluxe (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tetris Party Premium (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tetsudou Kentei DS (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tetsudou Musume DS - Terminal Memory (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tetsudou Seminar - JR Hen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tetsudou Seminar - Oote Shitetsu Hen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Texas Hold 'em Poker DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Texas Hold 'em Poker DS (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Texas Hold 'em Poker Pack (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Texas Hold 'em Poker Pack (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/That's QT (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/That's QT (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/That's So Raven - Psychic on the Scene (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Theme Park (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Theme Park (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Theme Park DS (Japan) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Theresia.. (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Theresia.. - Dear Emile (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Theta (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Think - Kids - Speel Je Slim! (Europe) (Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Think - Train Je Brein - Logica Trainer (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Think - Train Je Brein - Ontwikkel Je Zintuigen (Europe) (Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Think - Train Your Brain - Logic Trainer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Sv,No,Da) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Think - Training fuer den Kopf - Fit fuer den Job! (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Think - Training fuer den Kopf - Kids - Ist Doch Logisch! (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Think - Training fuer den Kopf - Kids - Spiel Dich Schlau! (Europe) (En,De) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Think - Training fuer den Kopf - Logik Trainer (Germany) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Think - Training fuer den Kopf - Logik Trainer - Think Again (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Think - Training fuer den Kopf - Sinnes Trainer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Think Again (Europe) (Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/ThinkSmart - Chess for Kids (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/ThinkSmart - Labyrinth (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/ThinkSmart - Power Up Your Brain! (USA) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/ThinkSmart - Power Up Your Brain! - Kids 8+ (USA) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/ThinkSmart Games - Scotland Yard - Hunting Mister X (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Thomas & Friends - Hero of the Rails (Europe) (Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Thomas & Friends - Hero of the Rails (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Thor - God of Thunder (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Thor - God of Thunder (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Thrillville - Off the Rails (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Thrillville - Off the Rails (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Thundercats (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/ThunderCats (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tierbabys - Meine Grosse Tierpension (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tierbabys Puzzle - Echter Puzzlespass fuer Unterwegs (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tierliebe Gross Geschrieben (Europe) (De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tiger Woods PGA Tour (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tiger Woods PGA Tour (USA, Europe) (En,Fr,De) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tiger Woods PGA Tour (USA, Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tiger Woods PGA Tour 08 (Europe) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tiger Woods PGA Tour 08 (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tigerz (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tigre, El - The Adventures of Manny Rivera (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tigre, El - The Adventures of Manny Rivera (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tim Stockdale's Riding Star (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Sv,No,Da) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Time Ace (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Time Hollow (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Time Hollow (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Time Hollow - Ubawareta Kako o Motomete (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Times Crossword Challenge, The (Europe) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Timmy Time (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Timmy Time (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/TINCan! Escape (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/TINCan! Escape (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tingle no Balloon Fight DS (Japan) (Club Nintendo).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tinker Bell (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tinker Bell (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tinker Bell (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tinker Bell (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tinker Bell (USA) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tinker Bell + Tinker Bell and the Lost Treasure (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tinker Bell and the Great Fairy Rescue (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tinker Bell and the Great Fairy Rescue (Europe) (En,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tinker Bell and the Great Fairy Rescue (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tinker Bell and the Great Fairy Rescue (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tinker Bell and the Lost Treasure (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tinker Bell and the Lost Treasure (Europe) (En,Sv,No,Da) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tinker Bell and the Lost Treasure (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tinker Bell and the Lost Treasure (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tinker Bell to Tsuki no Ishi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tinker Bell to Yousei no Ie (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tintenherz (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Titanic Mystery (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Titanic Mystery (Europe) (Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Titanic Mystery (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Titeuf - Le Film (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/TMNT (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/TMNT - Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/TNA Wrestling Impact! - Cross the Line (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/To Love-Ru - Trouble - Waku Waku! Rinkan Gakkou Hen (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/To-Fu Collection (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/To-Fu Collection (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tobidase! Kagaku-kun - Chikyuu Daitanken! Nazo no Chinkai Seibutsu ni Idome! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/TOEIC DS - Haru 10-bun Yakjeomgeukbok +200 (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/TOEIC Test - Koushiki DS Training (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/TOEIC Test DS Training (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/TOEIC Test DS Training (Japan) (Rev 3).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/TOEIC Test DS Training (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/TOEIC Test DS Training (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/TOEIC Test Eitango - Speed Master DS (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/TOEIC Test Super Coach@DS (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/TOEIC Test Super Coach@DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Toetstrainer - Rekenen (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Toetstrainer - Taal (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tohoku Daigaku Mirai Kagaku Gijutsu Kyoudou Kenkyuu Center - Kawashima Ryuuta Kyouju Kanshuu - Motto Nou o Kitaeru Otona no DS Training (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tohoku Daigaku Mirai Kagaku Gijutsu Kyoudou Kenkyuu Center - Kawashima Ryuuta Kyouju Kanshuu - Motto Nou o Kitaeru Otona no DS Training (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tohoku Daigaku Mirai Kagaku Gijutsu Kyoudou Kenkyuu Center - Kawashima Ryuuta Kyouju Kanshuu - Nou o Kitaeru Otona no DS Training (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokimeki Memorial Girl's Side - 1st Love (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokimeki Memorial Girl's Side - 1st Love (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokimeki Memorial Girl's Side - 1st Love Plus (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokimeki Memorial Girl's Side - 2nd Season (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokimeki Memorial Girl's Side - 2nd Season (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokimeki Memorial Girl's Side - 3rd Story (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokumei Sentai Go Busters (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokutei! Metabo Juku (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Chuu 1 5 Kyouka Pack (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Chuu 1 Eigo (Japan) (Demo).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Chuu 1 Eigo (Japan) (TQJJ).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Chuu 1 Eigo (Japan) (YXAJ).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Chuu 1 Eisuukoku Pack (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Chuu 1 Kokugo (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Chuu 1 Kokugo (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Chuu 1 Rika (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Chuu 1 Rika - Chuu 2 Rika - Chuu 3 Rika - Chuugaku Chiri (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Chuu 1 Suugaku (Japan) (TQKJ).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Chuu 1 Suugaku (Japan) (YXGJ).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Chuu 2 5 Kyouka Pack (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Chuu 2 Eigo (Japan) (TQNJ).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Chuu 2 Eigo (Japan) (YXBJ).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Chuu 2 Eisuukoku Pack (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Chuu 2 Kokugo (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Chuu 2 Kokugo (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Chuu 2 Rika (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Chuu 2 Suugaku (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Chuu 2 Suugaku (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Chuu 3 5 Kyouka Pack (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Chuu 3 Eigo (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Chuu 3 Eigo (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Chuu 3 Eisuukoku Koumin Pack (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Chuu 3 Kokugo (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Chuu 3 Rika (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Chuu 3 Suugaku (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Chuugaku Chireki Rika Pack (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Chuugaku Chiri (Japan) (TQFJ).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Chuugaku Chiri (Japan) (YXQJ).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Chuugaku Jitsugi 4 Kyouka (Japan) (CX4J).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Chuugaku Jitsugi 4 Kyouka (Japan) (TQAJ).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Chuugaku Junbi Tokubetsuhen Shougakkou 4 Kyouka Youten Matome - Chuugaku eigo Sakidori (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Chuugaku Koumin (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Chuugaku Koumin (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Chuugaku Rekishi (Japan) (TQEJ).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Chuugaku Rekishi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Chuugaku Rika 1 Bunya (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Chuugaku Rika 2 Bunya (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Koukou Juken 5 Kyouka Pack (Japan) (CX2J).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Koukou Juken 5 Kyouka Pack (Japan) (Rev 1) (CX2J).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Koukou Juken 5 Kyouka Pack (Japan) (TQ8J).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Koukou Juken Eigo (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Koukou Juken Kokugo (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Koukou Juken Rika (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Koukou Juken Rika (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Koukou Juken Shakai (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Koukou Juken Suugaku (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokuten Ryoku Gakushuu DS - Shougakkou Youten Matome (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokyo Beat Down (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokyo Friend Park II - DS de Kitaeru Undou Nouryoku (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokyo Majin Gakuen - Kenpuuchou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokyo Odaiba Casino (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tokyo Twilight Busters - Kindan no Ikenie Teito Jigokuhen (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tom and Jerry Tales (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tom and Jerry Tales (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tom Clancy's EndWar (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tom Clancy's EndWar (USA) (En,Fr) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell - Chaos Theory (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell - Chaos Theory (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tomb Raider - Underworld (Europe) (En,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tomb Raider - Underworld (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tomb Raider - Underworld (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tomica Hero Rescue Force DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tomodachi Collection (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tomodachi Collection (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tomodachi Tsukurou! - Mahou no Koukan Nikki (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tongari Boushi to Mahou no 365-nichi (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tongari Boushi to Mahou no 365-nichi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tongari Boushi to Mahou no Omise (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tongari Boushi to Mahou no Omise (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tongari Boushi to Oshare na Mahou Tsukai (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tongari Boushi to Oshare na Mahou Tsukai (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tony Hawk's American Sk8land (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tony Hawk's American Sk8land (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tony Hawk's Downhill Jam (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tony Hawk's Downhill Jam (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tony Hawk's Motion (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tony Hawk's Motion (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tony Hawk's Proving Ground (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tony Hawk's Proving Ground (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Toobo (Japan) (En,Ja).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Toon-Doku - Sudoku with Pictures! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Toon-Doku - Sudoku with Pictures! (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tootuff - Megafun Land (Europe) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tootuff - Mission Nadia (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tootuff's World (Europe) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Top Gun (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Top Gun (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Top Gun (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Top Model (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Top Model Academy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Top Spin 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Top Spin 2 (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Top Spin 3 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Top Spin 3 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Top Spin 3 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Top Trumps - Doctor Who (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Top Trumps - Dogs & Dinosaurs (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Top Trumps - Horror & Predators (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Top Trumps - NBA All Stars (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tornado (Europe) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tornado (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Toshokan DS - Meisaku & Suiri & Kaidan & Bungaku (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tossa no Keisan Shunkan Kaitou - Keisan DS Training (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Totally Spies! - My Secret Diary (Europe) (En,Fr,Es,Nl) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Totally Spies! 2 - Undercover (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Totally Spies! 2 - Undercover (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Totally Spies! 3 - Secret Agents (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Totally Spies! 4 - Around the World (Europe) (En,Fr,Es,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tottadoo! - Yoiko no Mujintou Seikatsu. (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tottoko Hamutaro - Nazo Nazo Q - Kumo no Ue no Hatena Jou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tottoko Hamutaro Haai! - Ham-chans no Ham Ham Challenge! Atsumare Haai! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Touch 'N' Play Collection (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Touch 'N' Play Collection (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Touch Comic Adventure - GarakuTale (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Touch Darts (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Touch de Manzai! Megami no Etsubo DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Touch de Ni Hao - Hitsudan-kun (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Touch de Rakushou! Pachi-Slot Sengen - Rio de Carnival (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Touch de Taikyaku! - Yawaraka Sensha (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Touch de Tanoshimu Hyakunin Isshu - DS Shigureden (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Touch Detective (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Touch Detective (USA) (Beta).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Touch Detective (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Touch Detective 2 1-2 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Touch Detective II (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Touch Dictionary (Korea) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Touch Dictionary (Korea) (Rev 2).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Touch Game Party (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Touch Man to Man - Gichoyeongeo (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Touch Mechanic (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Touch Mechanic (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Touch the Dead (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Touch! Bomber Man Land (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Touch! Bomber Man Land - Star Bomber no Miracle World (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Touch! Bomberman Land (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Touch! Kirby (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/TouchMaster (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/TouchMaster (USA) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/TouchMaster (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/TouchMaster - Connect (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/TouchMaster 2 (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/TouchMaster 3 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/TouchMaster 3 (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/TouchMaster 4 - Connect (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Toudai Shougi - Meijinsen Doujou DS (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Toudou Ryuunosuke Tantei Nikki - Aen no Hakobune - Souma-tei Renzoku Satsujin Jiken (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Toudou Ryuunosuke Tantei Nikki - Kohakuiro no Yuigon - Seiyou Karuta Renzoku Satsujin Jiken (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Touhai Densetsu Akagi DS - Yami ni Mai Orita Tensai (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tout pour Reussir CE1 (France) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tout pour Reussir CE2 (France) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tout pour Reussir CM1 (France) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tout pour Reussir CM2 (France) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tout pour Reussir CP (France) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tout Savoir 3e - L'Essentiel du Programme (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tout Savoir 4e - L'Essentiel du Programme (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tout Savoir 5e - L'Essentiel du Programme (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tout Savoir 6e - L'Essentiel du Programme (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tout Savoir CE1 - L'Essentiel du Programme (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tout Savoir CE2 - L'Essentiel du Programme (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tout Savoir CM1 - L'Essentiel du Programme (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tout Savoir CM2 - L'Essentiel du Programme (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tout Savoir CP - L'Essentiel du Programme (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tout Savoir Maternelle Grande Section - L'Essentiel du Programme (France) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tower DS, The (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Toy Shop (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Toy Shop Tycoon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Toy Story 3 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Toy Story 3 (Europe) (En,Sv,No,Da,Fi) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Toy Story 3 (Japan) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Toy Story 3 (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Toy Story 3 (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Target Exclusive) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tozasareta Byoutou - Dementium II (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Trace Memory (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/TrackMania DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/TrackMania DS (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/TrackMania Turbo (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/TrackMania Turbo (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Autobots (Europe) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Autobots (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Autobots (France) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Autobots (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Autobots (Germany) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Autobots (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Autobots (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Autobots (Spain) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Autobots (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Autobots (USA) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Autobots (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Dark of the Moon - Autobots (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Dark of the Moon - Autobots (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Dark of the Moon - Decepticons (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Dark of the Moon - Decepticons (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Decepticons (Europe) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Decepticons (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Decepticons (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Decepticons (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Decepticons (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Decepticons (Spain) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Decepticons (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Decepticons (USA) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Decepticons (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Kampf um Cybertron - Autobots (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Kampf um Cybertron - Deceptions (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Revenge of the Fallen - Autobots Version (Europe) (De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Revenge of the Fallen - Autobots Version (Europe) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Revenge of the Fallen - Autobots Version (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Revenge of the Fallen - Decepticons Version (Europe) (De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Revenge of the Fallen - Decepticons Version (Europe) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Revenge of the Fallen - Decepticons Version (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Ultimate Autobots Edition (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - Ultimate Autobots Edition (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - War for Cybertron - Autobots (Europe) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - War for Cybertron - Autobots (Europe) (Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - War for Cybertron - Autobots (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - War for Cybertron - Decepticons (Europe) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - War for Cybertron - Decepticons (Europe) (Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers - War for Cybertron - Decepticons (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers Animated - The Game (Europe) (En,Fr,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers Animated - The Game (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers Demo Card (USA) (Demo) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers Prime (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers Prime - The Game (Europe) (De,Sv).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers Prime - The Game (Europe) (Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers Prime - The Game (Europe) (Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Transformers Prime - The Game (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Trash Pack, The (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Trash Pack, The (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Trauma Center - Under the Knife (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Trauma Center - Under the Knife (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Trauma Center - Under the Knife 2 (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Trauma Center - Under the Knife 2 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Travel Coach - Europe 1 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Travel Coach - Europe 2 (Europe) (En,De,Nl,El,Tr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Travel Coach - Europe 3 (Europe) (En,De,Pl,Ru,Cs).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Travel Games for Dummies (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Travel Games for Dummies (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Treasure Gaust - Gaust Diver - Crimson Red (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Treasure Gaust - Gaust Diver - Deep Blue (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Treasure Master (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Treasure Report - Kikai Jikake no Isan (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Treasure World (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Treasures of Montezuma 2, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Treasures of Montezuma, The (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Treasures of Montezuma, The (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Trick - DS Ban - Kakushigami no Sumu Yakata (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Trioncube (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Trioncube (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/TRON - Evolution (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/TRON - Evolution (Europe) (En,Sv,No,Da) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/TRON - Evolution (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tropical Lost Island (Europe) (En,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tropical Lost Island (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tropix! ...Your Island Getaway (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/True Swing Golf (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/True Swing Golf (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tsubasa Chronicle (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tsubasa Chronicle Vol. 2 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tsuji Gakuen Tsuji Cooking Kanshuu - Koharu no DS Uchigohan. - Shokuji Balance Guide Tsuki (Japan) (Promo).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tsuji Gakuen Tsuji Cooking Kanshuu - Koharu no DS Uchigohan. - Shokuji Balance Guide Tsuki (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tsukibito (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tsumiki - Block Drop Mania (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tsumiki - The Infernal Tower (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tsunagete! Pipe Mania (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tsunde Tsumikiss (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tsuzuke Rarenai Otona no Tame no Metabo Dasshutsu Training (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Turbo - Super Stunt Squad (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Turbo - Super Stunt Squad (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Turn It Around (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Turn It Around (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tus Amigos de Disney (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/TV Anime Fairy Tail - Gekitou! Madoushi Kessen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Twilight Syndrome - Kinjirareta Toshi Densetsu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/U-Can - Penji Training DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Uchi no 3 Shimai DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Uchi no 3 Shimai DS 2 - 3 Shimai no Odekake Daisakusen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Uchi no 3 Shimai no Karaoke Utagassen & Party Game (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Uchida Yasuo DS Mystery - Meitantei Asami Mitsuhiko Series 'Fukutoshin Renzoku Satsujin Jiken' (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ukkari o Nakusou Bunshou Yomi Training - Yomitore (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ultimate Band (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ultimate Band (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ultimate Card Games (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ultimate Game Room (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ultimate Mortal Kombat (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ultimate Mortal Kombat (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ultimate Puzzle Games - Sudoku Edition (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ultimate Spider-Man (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ultimate Spider-Man (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ultimate Spider-Man (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ultimate Spider-Man (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ultimate Spider-Man (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ultimate Spider-Man (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ultimate Spider-Man (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Umezawa Yukari no Yasashii Igo (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Umihara Kawase Shun - Second Edition Kanzen Ban (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Umiuru to Sudoku Shiyo! - Nikoli Gensen 7 Dai Puzzle 555 Mon (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Undercover - Dual Motives (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Underground Pool (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Underwater Attack (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Underwater Puzzle - Echter Puzzlespass fuer Unterwegs (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Unknown Soldier - Mokuba no Houkou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Uno 52 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Uno 52 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Unoe Sangkwae Tongkwae - Teullin Geurim Jeonjip (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Unou Ikusei - IQ Breeder - Pet to Nakayoku IQ Lesson (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Unou Kaiten - Match Bou Puzzle DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Unou no Tatsujin - GunBulleTrainer (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Unou no Tatsujin - Hirameki Kosodate My Angel (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Unou no Tatsujin - Soukai! Machigai Museum (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Unou no Tatsujin - Soukai! Machigai Museum 2 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Unou Nouryoku Check Machine - Touch de Unoo! DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Unou Tanren Unotan DS - Shichida Shiki Otona no Shun Kan Training (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Unou Tanren Unotan DS - Shichida Shiki Otona no Sokudoku Training (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Unsolved Crimes (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Unsolved Crimes (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Up (Europe) (Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Up (Europe) (Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Up (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Up (Greece).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Up (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Up (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Up (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Up (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Uranai Demo Shite Miyouka DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Urbz, The - Sims in the City (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Urbz, The - Sims in the City (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Urbz, The - Sims in the City (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Urusei Yatsura - Endless Summer (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/USA Today Crossword Challenge (USA) (En,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/USA Today Puzzle Craze (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Usavich - Game no Jikan (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Utacchi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Utsukushii Nihongo no Kakikata Hanashikata DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Utsukushiku Narou - Duke Saraie no Kenkou Walking Navi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Uwasa no Midori-kun!! - Natsuiro Striker (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Uwasa no Midori-kun!! 2 - Futari no Midori! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/V8 Supercars Australia 3 - Create & Race (Australia) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Valentines Day (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Valkyrie Profile - Covenant of the Plume (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Valkyrie Profile - Covenant of the Plume (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Valkyrie Profile - Toga o Seou Mono (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Vampire Knight DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Vampire Legends - Power of Three (USA) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Vampire Moon - The Mystery of the Hidden Sun (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Vampire Moon - The Mystery of the Hidden Sun (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Vecinos Invasores (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Vegas Casino (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Vegas Casino High 5! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Veggy World (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Veronica Poker (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Vicky the Viking - Part 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Victorious - Hollywood Arts Debut (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Victorious - Hollywood Arts Debut (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Victorious - Taking the Lead (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Victorious - Taking the Lead (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Vie d'Emma, La - Infirmiere de Choc (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Vie d'Emma, La - Super Star (Europe) (En,Fr,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Viewtiful Joe - Double Trouble! (Europe) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Viewtiful Joe - Double Trouble! (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Viewtiful Joe - Double Trouble! (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Viewtiful Joe - Double Trouble! (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Viewtiful Joe - Double Trouble! (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Viewtiful Joe - Double Trouble! (Spain).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Viewtiful Joe - Double Trouble! (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Viewtiful Joe - Scratch! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/VIP News (Europe) (En,De) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/VIPs - Very Important Pets (Europe) (En,De) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Virtual Villagers - A New Home (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Virtual Villagers - Erschaffe dein Paradies! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Visual Logic Training (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Vita di Emma, La - Professione Infermiera (Italy) (Fr,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/VitaminX Evolution - Super Supplement Boys Goes On (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/VitaminX Evolution - Super Supplement Boys Goes On (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/VitaminY - Super Supplement Minigames with B6 & T6 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Viva Pinata - Pocket Paradise (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Viva Pinata - Pocket Paradise (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Voca Mania - Ameliore Ton Vocabulaire en T'Amusant! (France) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/VocabStar English Advanced (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Vorschulspass mit Benjamin Bluemchen (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wacky Races - Crash & Dash (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wacky Races - Crash & Dash (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wagamama Fashion - Girls Mode (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wakabayashi Fumie no DS Kabu Lesson (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Waku Waku DS 1 Nensei (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Walk with Me! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/WALL-E (Europe) (En,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/WALL-E (Europe) (Es,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/WALL-E (Europe) (Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/WALL-E (Europe) (It,El).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/WALL-E (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/WALL-E (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/WALL-E (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/WALL-E (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/WALL-E (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/WALL-E (USA) (En,Fr,Es) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wan Nyan Doubutsu Byouin (Akogare Girls Collection) (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wantame Music Channel - Dokodemo Style (Japan) (Rev 2).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wantame Music Channel - Dokodemo Style (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wantame Uranai Channel (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wantame Variety Channel (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wappy Dog (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wappy Dog (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Warhammer 40,000 - Squad Command (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Warhammer 40,000 - Squad Command (Europe) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Warhammer 40,000 - Squad Command (Europe) (Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Warhammer 40,000 - Squad Command (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wario - Master of Disguise (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wario - Master of Disguise (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wario - Master of Disguise (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wario - Master of Disguise (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/WarioWare - D.I.Y. (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/WarioWare - Do It Yourself (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/WarioWare - Touched! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/WarioWare - Touched! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/WarioWare - Touched! (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/WarioWare - Touched! (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Warning - Code de la Route (France).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Was Ist Was - Abenteuer Erde (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Was Ist Was - Versunkene Schaetze - Das Abenteuerspiel (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Watashi no Cake-Ya-San - Happy Patissier Life (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Watashi no Happy Manner Book (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Watashi no Pony (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Watashi no Rilakkuma (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Water Horse, The - Legend of the Deep (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt,Sv,No,Da,Fi).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wazapon (Japan) (Unl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wedding Dash (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wedding Planner - Traumhochzeiten Garantiert (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Welcome to Animal Crossing - Wild World (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Welcome to Animal Crossing - Wild World (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Welcome to Animal Crossing - Wild World (USA) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Welcome to Animal Crossing - Wild World (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Welcome to Animal Crossing - Wild World - Broadcast Version (Europe) (Demo) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Welcome to Animal Crossing - Wild World - Relay Station (USA) (Demo) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wendy - Das Pferdehospital (Europe) (En,De) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Western Riding Academy (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Whac-A-Mole (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/What's Cooking - Jamie Oliver (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/What's Cooking - Jamie Oliver (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wheel of Fortune (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Where the Wild Things Are (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Where the Wild Things Are (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Where's Waldo - The Fantastic Journey (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Whitaker Family Presents, The - Horse Life (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Who Wants to Be a Millionaire (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Who Wants to Be a Millionaire (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Who Wants to Be a Millionaire - 2nd Edition (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wi-Fi Taiou - Gensen Table Game DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wi-Fi Taiou - Morita Shougi DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wi-Fi Taiou - Sekai no Daredemo Asobi Taizen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wi-Fi Taiou - Yakuman DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wickey de Viking (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wickie und die Starken Maenner (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wiffle Ball (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wiffle Ball (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wild West, The (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wilden Huehner und die Jagd nach dem Rubinherz, Die (Germany) (En,De,Sv).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Will o' Wisp DS (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Willi Wills Wissen - Notruf - Retter im Einsatz (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Willkommen in der Steinzeit - Ueberleben Ist Alles! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Willy Vandersteen Suske en Wiske - De Texas Rakkers (Europe) (Fr,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Windy x Windam (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Windy x Windam (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wine no Hajimekata DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Winnetoons - Die Legende vom Schatz im Silbersee (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Winnie the Pooh - Kuma no Puu-san - 100 Acre no Mori no Cooking Book (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Winning Eleven - Pro Evolution Soccer 2007 (USA) (En,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Winter in Blue Mountain (Europe) (En,De,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Winter Sports 2 - The Next Challenge (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Winter Sports 2009 - The Next Challenge (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Winter's Tail - How One Little Dolphin Learned to Swim Again (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Winx Club - Believix in You! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Winx Club - Magical Fairy Party (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Winx Club - Magical Fairy Party (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Winx Club - Mission Enchantix (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Winx Club - Mission Enchantix (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Winx Club - Quest for the Codex (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Winx Club - Quest for the Codex (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Winx Club - Rockstars (Europe) (En,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Winx Club - Rockstars (France) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Winx Club - Rockstars (Germany) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Winx Club - Rockstars (Italy).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Winx Club - Saving Alfea (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Pt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Winx Club - Saving Alfea (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Winx Club - Secret Diary 2009 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Winx Club - Your Magic Universe (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wipeout - The Game (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wipeout 2 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/WireWay (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/WireWay (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/WireWay (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wish Room - Tenshi no Kioku (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Witch Tale - Minarai Majo to 7-nin no Hime (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Witch's Tale, A (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Witch's Wish (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Witches & Vampires - Ghost Pirates of Ashburry (Europe) (En,De) (VWVP) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Witches & Vampires - Ghost Pirates of Ashburry (Europe) (En,De) (VWVV) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Witches & Vampires - The Secrets of Ashburry (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Witches & Vampires - The Secrets of Ashburry (Netherlands).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Witches & Vampires - The Secrets of Ashburry (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wizard of Oz, The - Beyond the Yellow Brick Road (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wizardry - Boukyaku no Isan (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wizardry - Inochi no Kusabi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wizardry Asterisk - Hiiro no Fuuin (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wizards of Waverly Place (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wizards of Waverly Place (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wizards of Waverly Place - Spellbound (Europe) (En,De,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wizards of Waverly Place - Spellbound (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/WiZmans World (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wo auf der Welt Ist Carmen Sandiego - Das Geheimnis am Ende der Welt (Europe) (De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wonder Pets! - Save the Animals! (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wonder Pets! - Save the Animals! (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wonder World - Amusement Park (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wonder World - Amusement Park (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Woodleys, The - Summer Sports (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Word Academy (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wordfish (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/WordJong (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/WordJong (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wordmaster (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wordmaster (USA) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/World Championship Games - A Track & Field Event (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/World Championship Poker - Deluxe Series (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/World Championship Poker - Deluxe Series (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/World Championship Spelling (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/World Championship Sports - Summer (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/World Cup of Pool (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/World Cup of Pool (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/World Destruction - Michibikareshi Ishi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/World Ends with You, The (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/World Ends with You, The (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/World of Golden Eggs, The - Nori Nori Uta Dekichatte Kei (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/World of Zoo (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/World of Zoo (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/World Series of Poker 2008 - The Official Video Game - Battle for the Bracelets (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/World Series of Poker 2008 - The Official Video Game - Battle for the Bracelets (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/World Snooker Championship - Season 2007-08 (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/World Soccer - Winning Eleven DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/World Soccer - Winning Eleven DS (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/World Soccer Winning Eleven DS - Goal x Goal! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Worms - Open Warfare (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Worms - Open Warfare (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Worms - Open Warfare 2 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Worms - Open Warfare 2 (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wreck-It Ralph (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wreck-It Ralph (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/WWE SmackDown dae Raw 2008 featuring ECW (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/WWE SmackDown dae Raw 2009 featuring ECW (Korea) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/WWE SmackDown vs Raw 2008 featuring ECW (Europe) (En,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/WWE SmackDown vs Raw 2008 featuring ECW (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/WWE SmackDown vs Raw 2008 featuring ECW (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/WWE SmackDown vs Raw 2009 featuring ECW (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/WWE SmackDown vs Raw 2009 featuring ECW (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/WWE SmackDown vs Raw 2009 featuring ECW (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/WWE SmackDown vs Raw 2010 featuring ECW (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/WWE SmackDown vs Raw 2010 featuring ECW (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/X-Men - Destiny (Europe) (En,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/X-Men - Destiny (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/X-Men - The Official Game (Europe) (En,Fr,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/X-Men - The Official Game (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/X-Men Origins - Wolverine (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/X-Men Origins - Wolverine (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Xenosaga I & II (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/XG Blast! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/XG Blast! (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Xia-Xia (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Xia-Xia (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Xiaolin Showdown (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Xiaolin Showdown (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yajuu Deka - Tokyo Douji Tahatsu Terror o Chinatsu Seyo! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yakitate!! Japan - Game Ichigou - Choujou Kessen!! Pantasic Grand Prix! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yakuman DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yamaha Supercross (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yamaha Supercross (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yamakawa Shuppansha Kanshuu - Shousetsu Nihonshi B - Shin Sougou Training Plus (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yamakawa Shuppansha Kanshuu - Shousetsu Nihonshi B - Sougou Training (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yamakawa Shuppansha Kanshuu - Shousetsu Nihonshi B - Sougou Training (Japan) (Rev 2).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yamakawa Shuppansha Kanshuu - Shousetsu Nihonshi B - Sougou Training (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yamakawa Shuppansha Kanshuu - Shousetsu Sekaishi B - Shin Sougou Training Plus (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yamakawa Shuppansha Kanshuu - Shousetsu Sekaishi B - Sougou Training (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yamanote-sen Meimei 100 Shuunen Kinen - Densha de Go! - Tokubetsu Hen - Fukkatsu! Shouwa no Yamanote-sen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yangsonui Darin (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yard Sale Hidden Treasures - Sunnyville (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yatsuhaka Mura (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yatterman DS - Bikkuri Dokkiri Daisakusen da Koron (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yatterman DS 2 - Bikkuri Dokkiri Animal Daibouken (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yatterman DS 2 - Bikkuri Dokkiri Animal Daibouken (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yawaraka Atama Juku (Japan) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yawaraka Atama Juku (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yawaraka Atama Juku (Japan) (Rev 2).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yawaraka Atama Juku (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yeoksa Simulation - Samgukji DS (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yes! PreCure 5 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yes! PreCure 5 Go Go! - Zenin Shuu-Go! Dream Festival (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yeti Quest - Crazy Penguins (Europe) (Fr,De,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yggdra Unison - Seiken Buyuuden (Japan) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yogi Bear (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yogi Bear - The Video Game (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yokojiku de Manabu Sekai no Rekishi - Yoko Gaku DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yokoyama Mitsuteru Sangokushi - Dai-1-kan - Touen no Chikai (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yokoyama Mitsuteru Sangokushi - Dai-2-kan - Ryofu no Matsuro (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yokoyama Mitsuteru Sangokushi - Dai-3-kan - Sanko no Rei (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yokoyama Mitsuteru Sangokushi - Dai-4-kan - Sangoku Teiritsu (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yokoyama Mitsuteru Sangokushi - Dai-5-kan - Suishi no Hyou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yokoyama Mitsuteru Sangokushi - Dai-6-kan - Koumei no Yuigon (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yomesou de Yomenai Kanji DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yoshi Island DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yoshi Touch & Go (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yoshi Touch & Go (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yoshi Touch & Go (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yoshi's Island DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yoshi's Island DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yoshi's Island DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yoshi's Island DS (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yoshi's Island DS (USA) (Demo) (Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yoshi's Island DS (USA) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yoshi's Island DS (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/yoSumin. DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/You Don't Know Jack (USA) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Youda Farmer (Europe) (En,Fr,De) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Youda Farmer (Europe) (En,Fr,De) (Rev 1) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Youda Farmer (Europe) (Fr,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Youda Farmer (Europe) (Fr,Nl) (Rev 1) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Youda Legend - The Curse of the Amsterdam Diamond (Europe) (En,Fr,De) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Youda Legend - The Curse of the Amsterdam Diamond (Europe) (Fr,Nl) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Youda Legend - The Golden Bird of Paradise (Europe) (En,Fr,De) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Youda Safari (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Your Riding School (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yozemi no Center Shoujun Series - Eigo Hen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ys DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ys II DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ys Strategy (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ys Strategy (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu Yu Hakusho DS - Ankoku Bujutsukai Hen (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu-Gi-Oh! - Nightmare Troubadour (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu-Gi-Oh! - Nightmare Troubadour (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu-Gi-Oh! - World Championship 2007 (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu-Gi-Oh! - World Championship 2007 (USA) (En,Ja).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu-Gi-Oh! - World Championship 2008 (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu-Gi-Oh! - World Championship 2008 (Korea) (En,Ja,Ko).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu-Gi-Oh! - World Championship 2008 (USA) (En,Ja).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's - Stardust Accelerator - World Championship 2009 (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's - Stardust Accelerator - World Championship 2009 (Japan) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's - Stardust Accelerator - World Championship 2009 (Korea) (En,Ja,Ko) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's - Stardust Accelerator - World Championship 2009 (Korea) (En,Ja,Ko) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's - Stardust Accelerator - World Championship 2009 (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's - World Championship 2010 - Reverse of Arcadia (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's - World Championship 2010 - Reverse of Arcadia (Japan) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's - World Championship 2010 - Reverse of Arcadia (Korea) (En,Ja,Ko).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's - World Championship 2010 - Reverse of Arcadia (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's - World Championship 2011 - Over the Nexus (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's - World Championship 2011 - Over the Nexus (Japan) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's - World Championship 2011 - Over the Nexus (Korea) (En,Ja,Ko).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's - World Championship 2011 - Over the Nexus (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters - Nightmare Troubadour (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters - World Championship 2007 (Japan) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters - World Championship 2008 (Japan) (En,Ja).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters GX - Card Almanac (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters GX - Spirit Summoner (Japan) (En,Ja).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Card Almanac (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Spirit Caller (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Spirit Caller (USA) (En,Ja).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yukkuri Tanoshimu - Otona no Jigsaw Puzzle DS - Sekai no Meiga 1 - Renaissance, Baroque no Kyoshou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yukkuri Tanoshimu - Otona no Jigsaw Puzzle DS - Sekai no Meiga 2 - Inshou-ha, Kouki Inshou-ha no Kyoshou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yukkuri Tanoshimu - Otona no Jigsaw Puzzle DS - Watase Seizou - Love Umi to Blue (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yume Neko DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yume o Kanaeru Zou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yumeiro Patissiere - My Sweets Cooking (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zac to Ombra - Maboroshi no Yuuenchi (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zaidan Houjin Nihon Kanji Nouryoku Kentei Kyoukai Kounin - Kanken DS (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zaidan Houjin Nihon Kanji Nouryoku Kentei Kyoukai Kounin - Kanken DS (Japan) (Rev 2).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zaidan Houjin Nihon Kanji Nouryoku Kentei Kyoukai Kounin - Kanken DS (Japan) (Rev 4).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zaidan Houjin Nihon Kanji Nouryoku Kentei Kyoukai Kounin - Kanken DS (Japan) (Rev 5).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zaidan Houjin Nihon Kanji Nouryoku Kentei Kyoukai Kounin - Kanken DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zaidan Houjin Nihon Kanji Nouryoku Kentei Kyoukai Kounin - Kanken DS 2 + Jouyou Kanji Jiten (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zaidan Houjin Nihon Kanji Nouryoku Kentei Kyoukai Kounin - Kanken DS 2 + Jouyou Kanji Jiten (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zaidan Houjin Nihon Kanji Nouryoku Kentei Kyoukai Kounin - Kanken DS 3 Deluxe (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zaidan Houjin Nihon Kanji Nouryoku Kentei Kyoukai Kounin - Kanken DS 3 Deluxe (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zaidan Houjin Nihon Kanji Nouryoku Kentei Kyoukai Koushiki Soft - 200 Mannin no Kanken - Tokoton Kanji Nou (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zaidan Houjin Nihon Kanji Nouryoku Kentei Kyoukai Koushiki Soft - 200 Mannin no Kanken - Tokoton Kanji Nou (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zaidan Houjin Nihon Kanji Nouryoku Kentei Kyoukai Koushiki Soft - 250 Mannin no Kanken - Shin Tokoton Kanji Nou - 47,000 + Jouyou Kanji Jiten, Yoji Jukugo Jiten (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zaidan Houjin Nihon Kanji Nouryoku Kentei Kyoukai Koushiki Soft - 250 Mannin no Kanken - Shin Tokoton Kanji Nou - 47,000 + Jouyou Kanji Jiten, Yoji Jukugo Jiten (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zaidan Houjin Nihon Kanji Nouryoku Kentei Kyoukai Koushiki Soft - 250 Mannin no Kanken Premium - Zenkyuu Zen-Kanji Kanzen Seiha (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zaidan Houjin Nihon Kanji Nouryoku Kentei Kyoukai Kyouryoku - Kanken DS Training (Japan) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zarah - Das Schloss des Gwoor (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zekkyou Senshi Sakebrain (Japan) (Club Nintendo).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zelda no Densetsu - Daichi no Kiteki (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zelda no Densetsu - Mugen no Sunadokei (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zeldaui Jeonseol - Monghwanui Moraesigye (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zendoku (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zendoku (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zenmai Zamurai (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zennou Series Vol. 01 - Akiyama Jin Kyouju Kanshuu - Zennou JinJin (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zennou Series Vol. 02 - Sakurai Susumu Sensei Kanshuu - India Shiki Keisan Zennou Drill (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zennou Series Vol. 03 - Akiyama Jin Kyouju Kanshuu - Zennou JinJin 2 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zenses - Ocean (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zenses - Ocean (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zenses - Rainforest (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Sv,No,Da).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zenses - Rainforest (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zenses - Zen Garden (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zero kara Hajimeru - Otona no 5 Kakokugo Nyuumon - Ei, Futsu, Doku, I, Sei (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zero kara Kantan Chuugokugo DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zero kara Kantan Kankokugo DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zettai Karen Children DS - Dai-4 no Children (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zettai Onkan Otodamaster (Japan) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zettai Onkan Otodamaster (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zettai Zetsumei Dangerous Jiisan DS - Dangerous Sensation (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zhigan Yi Bi (China) (iDS).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zhu Zhu Babies (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zhu Zhu Babies (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zhu Zhu Pets (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zhu Zhu Pets (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zhu Zhu Pets (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zhu Zhu Pets - Quest for Zhu (Europe) (En,Fr,Sv).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zhu Zhu Pets - Quest for Zhu (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zhu Zhu Pets 2 - Featuring the Wild Bunch (USA) (En,Fr) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zhu Zhu Pets featuring the Wild Bunch (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zhu Zhu Puppies (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zhu Zhu Puppies (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/ZhuZhu Princess (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zoey 101 - Field Trip Fiasco (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zoids Battle Colosseum (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zoids Dash (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zoids Saga DS - Legend of Arcadia (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zombie Daisuki (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zombie Shiki - Eigo Ryoku Sosei Jutsu - English of the Dead (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zombiez Seeker (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zoo Hospital (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zoo Hospital (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zoo Hospital (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zoo Keeper (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zoo Keeper (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zoo Keeper (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zoo Quest - Puzzle Fun! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv,No,Da,Fi,Hu).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zoo Quest - Puzzle Fun! (USA) [b].zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zoo Tycoon 2 (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zoo Tycoon 2 (Korea).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zoo Tycoon 2 DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zoo Tycoon 2 DS (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zoo Tycoon DS (Europe) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zoo Tycoon DS (Europe) (Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zoo Tycoon DS (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zoo Tycoon DS (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zoo Tycoon DS - Doubutsuen o Tsukurou! (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zoo Vet - Endangered Animals (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zoobles! Spring to Life! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zoobles! Spring to Life! (USA) (En,Fr).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zoroark Distribution 2011 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zoroark Distribution 2011 (USA) (En,Fr) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zorro - Quest for Justice (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zorro - Quest for Justice (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zubo (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl,Sv).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zubo (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zuma's Revenge (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zunou ni Asekaku Game Series! Vol. 1 - Cool 104 Joker & Setline (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zunou Nouryoku Koujou Machine - Touch de Zunoo DS (Japan).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/[BIOS] iQue DS Lite ARM7TDMI (GBA Mode) (China).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/[BIOS] iQue DS Lite ARM946E-S (China).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/[BIOS] iQue DS Lite Firmware (China) (Alt).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/[BIOS] iQue DS Lite Firmware (China).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/[BIOS] Nintendo DS ARM7TDMI (GBA Mode) (World).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/[BIOS] Nintendo DS ARM7TDMI (World).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/[BIOS] Nintendo DS ARM946E-S (World).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/[BIOS] Nintendo DS Lite Firmware (Europe).zip
