https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Arceus Distribution 2009 (USA) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Arceus Distribution 2010 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ash's PIKACHU! Distribution 2011 (USA) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Celebi Distribution 2011 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Celebi Distribution 2011 (USA) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Darkrai Distribution 2008 (USA) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Darkrai Distribution 2011 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Deoxys Distribution 2008 (USA) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dragonite Distribution 2008 (USA) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Karrablast-shelmet Distribution 2011 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Keldeo Distribution 2012 (USA, Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Liberty Pass Distribution (Europe) (En,Ja) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Manaphy Distribution 2007 (USA) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Meloetta Distribution 2013 (USA, Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendo Zone Wireless Distribution Box DS Card (World) (Rev 2) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendo Zone Wireless Distribution Box DS Card (World) (Wi-Fi Kiosk).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pichu-Jirachi Distribution 2010 (USA) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Raikou-Entei-Suicune-Celebi Distribution 2011 (USA) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Secret Egg Distribution 2011 (USA) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Secret Key Distribution 2009 (USA) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shaymin Distribution 2009 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shaymin-Regigigas Distribution 2009 (USA) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shiny Dialga-Palkia-Giratina Distribution 2013 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,It) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shiny Dialga-Palkia-Giratina Distribution 2013 (Europe) (En,Fr,Es,It) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Shiny Dialga-Palkia-Giratina Distribution 2013 (USA) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Strongest Pokemon Distribution (Japan) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zoroark Distribution 2011 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zoroark Distribution 2011 (USA) (En,Fr) (Wi-Fi Kiosk) (Save Data).zip
