https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yoshi Touch %26 Go (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Yoshi's Island DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario %26 Luigi - Bowser's Inside Story (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario %26 Luigi - Partners in Time (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario %26 Sonic at the Olympic Games (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario %26 Sonic at the Olympic Winter Games (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario Kart DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario Party DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario Slam Basketball (Europe) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario vs. Donkey Kong - Mini-Land Mayhem! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2 - March of the Minis (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/New Super Mario Bros. (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Mario 64 DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Wario - Master of Disguise (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/WarioWare - Do It Yourself (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/WarioWare - Touched! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Layton and the Curious Village (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Layton and the Unwound Future (USA) (Video).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Layton und der Ruf des Phantoms (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Layton und die Schatulle der Pandora (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Professor Layton und die Verlorene Zukunft (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Lernen mit Pokemon - Tasten-Abenteuer (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Diamant-Edition (Germany) (Rev 5).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Goldene Edition HeartGold (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Perl-Edition (Germany) (Rev 5).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Platin-Edition (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Schwarze Edition (Germany) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Schwarze Edition 2 (Germany) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Silberne Edition SoulSilver (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Weisse Edition (Germany) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon - Weisse Edition 2 (Germany) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Conquest (Europe) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Dash (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Link! (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Mystery Dungeon - Blue Rescue Team (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Mystery Dungeon - Explorers of Darkness (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Mystery Dungeon - Explorers of Sky (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Mystery Dungeon - Explorers of Time (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Ranger (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Ranger - Guardian Signs (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Pokemon Ranger - Shadows of Almia (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Ridge Racer DS (USA, Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Another Code - Two Memories (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Electroplankton (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Meteos (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Big Brain Academy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Super Princess Peach (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/True Swing Golf (USA) (En,Ja,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Welcome to Animal Crossing - Wild World (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/English Training - Have Fun Improving Your Skills (Europe) (Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Magnetica (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Magical Starsign (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Sudoku Gridmaster (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mario Hoops 3 on 3 (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Game %26 Watch Collection (USA) (Club Nintendo).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Game %26 Watch Collection 2 (USA) (Club Nintendo).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Star Fox Command (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tenchu - Dark Secret (Europe) (En,Fr,De).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Freshly-Picked - Tingle's Rosy Rupeeland (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Clubhouse Games (USA) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Custom Robo Arena (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Children of Mana (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Elite Beat Agents (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Master of Illusion (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Hotel Dusk - Room 215 (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Picross 3D (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Picross DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Diddy Kong Racing DS (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Practise English! (Europe) (Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Planet Puzzle League (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Tingle no Balloon Fight DS (Japan) (Club Nintendo).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Flash Focus - Vision Training in Minutes a Day (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Zekkyou Senshi Sakebrain (Japan) (Club Nintendo).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Chibi-Robo! - Park Patrol (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Donkey Kong - Jungle Climber (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Make 10 - A Journey of Numbers (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Golden Sun - Dark Dawn (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendo Presents - Crossword Collection (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Glory of Heracles (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Personal Trainer - Cooking (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Personal Trainer - Math (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Personal Trainer - Walking (USA) (En,Fr,Es).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Personal Trainer DS for Men (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Personal Trainer DS for Women (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Jam with the Band (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Legendary Starfy, The (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Rhythm Heaven (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Fire Emblem - Shadow Dragon (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mystery Case Files - MillionHeir (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mystery Case Files - Ravenhearst (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Mystery Case Files - Prime Suspects (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Style Savvy (USA).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/100 Classic Book Collection (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Active Health with Carol Vorderman (Europe).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Last Window - The Secret of Cape West (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Art Academy (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/1000 Cooking Recipes from Elle a Table (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (NDSi Enhanced).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Dr Kawashima's Brain Training - How Old Is Your Brain (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Inazuma Eleven (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Inazuma Eleven 2 - Eissturm (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Inazuma Eleven 2 - Feuersturm (Germany).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kirby - Mouse Attack (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kirby - Power Paintbrush (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kirby Mass Attack (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Kirby Super Star Ultra (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Legend of Zelda, The - Phantom Hourglass (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Legend of Zelda, The - Spirit Tracks (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Metroid Prime - Hunters (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Metroid Prime - Hunters - First Hunt (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Demo).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Metroid Prime Pinball (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/More Brain Training from Dr Kawashima - How Old Is Your Brain (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It,Nl).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendo Presents - Style Boutique (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It) (Rev 1).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendogs - Chihuahua %26 Friends (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendogs - Dachshund %26 Friends (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendogs - Dalmatian %26 Friends (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
https://archive.org/download/noIntroNintendoDsDecrypted2019Jun30/Nintendogs - Labrador %26 Friends (Europe) (En,Fr,De,Es,It).zip
